Sheldon: You realize you and I could become brothers.
Leonard: We’re not gonna be brothers. We’re not gonna be stepbrothers. Go to sleep.
Sheldon: I hope you’re right. ‘Cause a grown man living with his brother and his brother’s wife is weird.
Sheldon: Okay. Do you think your father’s doing unspeakable things to my mother?
Sheldon: Are you saying that because the things are unspeakable?
Penny: Your parents are old. Anything unspeakable was finished by 9:30. Go to sleep.
Leonard: I’m sorry if this stuff is gonna make the ceremony awkward.
Penny: God, I thought my brother fresh out of jail was gonna make everyone uncomfortable, but now this.
Sheldon: Hey, if you want me to sleep you’re gonna have to stop talking.
Penny: Okay, I’m gonna go pick up my family. Like an hour and half, two hours, depending on traffic.
Penny: Oh, hey, and do yourself a favour, all right? When Beverly gets here, do not bring up last night. All right? As far as you’re concerned, you don’t know anything, you didn’t see anything. I want you just to play dumb.
Sheldon: It was nice of her to show us playing dumb with an example.
Sheldon: Oh, golly, however did he humiliate you?
Sheldon: Do I say stop what, or just throw in the towel?
Sheldon: Oh, excuse me, that is my mother you’re talking about, however accurately.
Penny: Okay, Beverley, aren’t you overreacting a little? All we know is they shared a cab and had a nightcap. 
Leonard: Not helping, buddy. Mother, Penny and I really want you to be part of this. Please stay.
Penny: Yeah, plus if you leave, Alfred will know he got under your skin.
Sheldon: You know, also, if they did have coitus, we’ll all be needing a skilled psychiatrist.
Raj: It is funny when you think about it.
Howard: Maybe to you. You didn’t get a $500 traffic ticket.
Howard: Hey, if thinking secret government agents are chasing you makes you a lunatic, then, yeah, okay.
Howard: I have performance anxiety. You of all people should know that.
Penny: Oh, I can’t wait for you to meet everyone. I told them all about you.
Penny: Uh, not everything, just, like, the jail and drugs part.
Penny: So, uh, Randall, can’t believe after all these years you finally get to visit me in California.
Raj: What are you talking about? They’ve always known where you live.
Raj: Can we take a moment to discuss that I just lied to the government for you?
Raj: Hey, make sure you tell him that you weren’t home when he came by and that your Indian friend gave you the message the moment you stepped through the door.
Howard: Yes, hello. Uh, this is Howard Wolowitz for Colonel Richard Williams.
Raj: Oh, I take it back, don’t mention me.
Howard: Hi, Colonel Williams, how can I help you? What? Oh, uh, yes, he is from India. No, I don’t know his immigration status. Relax, I’m still on hold. Speaking. Okay, sure, I can meet with you on Thursday. Caltech is fine. Yeah, and may I ask what this is about? I may not?
Leonard: I’m glad you decided to stay. It’s gonna be special for Penny and me to share this with you.
Leonard: Yeah, special, like that. That’s them. Please don’t make things any more awkward than they already are.
Sheldon: All right, so less or equally awkward, got it.
Sheldon: So, did you defile my mother or not?
Sheldon: Did that conversation include the phrase your genitals are a joy to behold?
Sheldon: Or what a joy it is to behold my genitals.
Penny: All right, you guys, uh, get settled in, then we’ll go across the hall and say hi to everyone.
Penny: I thought it was really funny.
Penny: Okay. Listen, Mom, I know you’re nervous, but I promise you, no one is gonna judge you or this family.
Sheldon: A man named Jesus convinced you to build a church in Africa. You’re kind of a sucker.
Leonard: Well, nothing happened, right? It’s over. Until we get married a third time, you guys will never have to see each other again.
Sheldon: What? In the Chattahoochee National Forest in Georgia? I can’t be the only one that knows that’s halfway.
Sheldon: What? But he’s a mediocre academic. And according to Beverley, his sexual prowess is sub-par. He’s basically Leonard with a bigger prostate.
Leonard: Are you saying that my dad’s not good enough for your mom?
Sheldon: Yes, while also getting in a solid dig at you. Pretty efficient, huh?
Leonard: This is ridiculous. I’m going across the hall.
Sheldon: But why should you get to go and leave me here with your bickering parents?
Leonard: That still leaves me here with him.
Sheldon: Hang on, hang on. We’re smart, we can figure this out. Okay, so: Mary and Beverley can’t be together. Uh, Alfred and Beverley can’t be together. Leonard and I can’t be together. Now, I could be with Alfred but I don’t like his face. Oh, here. I’ve got it.
Sheldon: Great, now I have to start all over.
Penny: Pretty good. I actually just got assigned a much better territory.
Penny: Well, I learned from the best.
Sheldon: You made God sad today, Mom.
Sheldon: Well, that’s still no reason to rush into anything. I mean, look at us. We took things remarkably slow. You and I, we didn’t even hold hands for two years.
Sheldon: Hey, hey. She’s mine, take a cold shower, grandpa.
Howard: Why wouldn’t that colonel say what the meeting’s about? It has to be bad news.
Raj: You know that hurts my feelings.
Howard: Calm down, try not to think about it.
Howard: Why do I bother talking to you?
Raj: Oh, come on. What’s the worst that could come of this meeting?
Howard: I don’t know. They take the invention away, and I get nothing?
Raj: Okay, that’s not so bad. You know what happened to the scientists that worked on the Manhattan Project? The government forced them to move to the desert. They had to live in secret, and when Oppenheimer objected to what they made him do, they destroyed his reputation.
Howard: What’s the point of that story?
Raj: I just read a book about Oppenheimer, seemed like a chance to show off. There he is, there’s my happy Hebraic homeboy. Yeah, that’s the smile I’m gonna remember when you’re living in the desert and I’m living with your wife.
Leonard: And he can’t wait to meet you, too. Can I get anyone a drink?
Penny: Hey. Is everyone getting to know each other?
Sheldon: Why do people cry at weddings?
Sheldon: Speaking of love, STDs among the elderly are skyrocketing.
Howard: At least she’s yelling at someone else for a change.
Penny: Okay, I understand everyone’s a little tense today, so I am just gonna get to the important stuff. Leonard, standing here with you in front of our family and friends is bringing up a lot of feelings. Like what a good idea it was to elope the first time. But also how incredibly happy you make me. Thank you for marrying me. Hopefully for the last time.
Leonard: Penny, as a scientist, my job is to figure out why things happen. But I don’t think I’ll ever understand how someone like me could get to be with someone like you. You know, maybe I don’t
Sheldon: Yeah, excuse me, I need to say something to someone pretty special, and I just can’t wait any longer.
Sheldon: Leonard, you and I have our ups and downs. But I have always considered you my family. Even before the recent threat of our parents fornicating like wrinkly old rabbits. I don’t always show it, but you are of great importance to me. Both of you. 
Leonard: Hey, I’m just thrilled we’re all getting along for a minute.
Sheldon: Plenty of time for you to meet another geriatric boy toy.
Sheldon: Well, and you need to drive the car and mind your business.
Sheldon: What, you’re not my mother.
Sheldon: Look at this. Elon Musk has a theory that we’re all just characters in some advanced civilization’s video game.
Leonard: So some alien kid spent his money on the asthma-and-glasses upgrade for me?
Sheldon: Well, he doesn’t say it’s a good game.
Howard: The Air Force contacted me about our quantum gyroscope. They want to have a meeting.
Raj: Yeah. This military guy showed up at Howard’s door. He was terrifying.
Raj: He gave me his business card and asked me to please pass it along to Howard.
Sheldon: That doesn’t sound terrifying.
Raj: To a white guy born here, no. If you are a brown guy whose name has a lot of syllables in it, terrifying.
Leonard: You realize if the military declares our research classified, they can take the whole thing away from us.
Howard: And if that happens, we’ll never be able to sell it commercially.
Leonard: There goes our big payday.
Howard: I was counting on that money. I need to make as much as my wife so I don’t have to try so hard in bed.
Howard: Oh, yeah. How do you think I stay this thin?
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I think we are losing sight of the real issue. We are on the precipice of becoming faceless cogs in the military-industrial complex. Isn’t that exciting?
Sheldon: Not at all. In Star Wars, when the stormtroopers would march in perfect formation, harassing civilians, didn’t you ever think, hey, that could be me?
Howard: Sheldon, we could be contributing to a weapons system that oppresses mankind for the next thousand years.
Sheldon: Okay, Howard’s on board. What do you think, Leonard?
Penny: All right, we work at a giant pharmaceutical company. Get him some anti-anxiety meds.
Penny: You know, when Leonard’s feeling anxious I make him take a long walk.
Raj: Wail till I Snapchat that my friends might be working on a top secret government project.
Leonard: Are you crazy? You can’t put that on Snapchat.
Raj: Fine, I’ll put it on Facebook like a caveman.
Howard: You know, maybe before our meeting we should talk to a lawyer.
Raj: Well, you must have someone in your family that’s a lawyer.
Howard: Why? Because I’m Jewish? That’s like me saying, hey, you’re Indian, doesn’t your cousin work in a call centre?
Raj: My cousin does work in a call centre.
Howard: And my cousin’s a lawyer.
Sheldon: We don’t need Howard’s cousin. No, we have me. 
Leonard: You’re not a lawyer, Sheldon, you’re just a know-it-all.
Sheldon: I am not a know-it-all. I’m a person who knows lots of things and likes to correct other people when they’re wrong.
Leonard: That’s the definition of being a know-it-all.
Sheldon: Or in German, a Besserwisser.
Penny: How did you think you were gonna hide your pregnancy?
Penny: Yeah, drive safe. We love you. And give us a call… Oh, my God, it was me, it was me. I’m the one who blabbed she was pregnant!
Penny: I didn’t mean to. It just slipped out in front of her assistantone day. I…
Penny: Oh, here’s your coat, honey. That’s such a cute jacket. Oh God, I feel so bad, I just lied to her.
Penny: That’s super helpful, Amy. Thanks a lot. I can’t wait to do that.
Howard: Give me a second to call my cousin.
Sheldon: I don’t see how a tax lawyer from Fort Lauderdale could be helpful regarding intellectual property.
Howard: First of all, he’s in Boca Raton, which is better than Fort Lauderdale. But more importantly, he lasted two days on Jeopardy, so he’s clearly a smart guy.
Howard: Well, I married a little Catholic girl, so we’re even. Anyway, this is Leonard and Sheldon. The three of us came up with the guidance system.
Raj: Oh, I’m not on the patent. I’m just here because there’s a bumblebee in my office.
Howard: Anyway, like I said in the e-mail, this meeting’s on Thursday. Do you have any advice for us?
Sheldon: Don’t sign anything? That’s your advice? Okay, so, uh, if during this meeting, one of us were to, say, complete an oil painting, you’d recommend that we leave that unsigned?
Sheldon: This must be how you practice law in Boca Raton, by saying things you don’t mean and meaning things you don’t say.
Sheldon: All right, you were on Jeopardy. Allow me to Alex Trebek this and put it in the form of a question: Who has been a complete waste of our time?
Leonard: Someday, when I’m up on murder charges, you’ll be hearing from me.
Penny: Oh, had to go to a sales seminar on our new sleeping pill.
Penny: In, like, two minutes. Yeah. So, how is everything going around here? Are you still upset about people finding out you’re pregnant?
Penny: Sure, sure. Uh, did you ever figure out who told?
Penny: Hmm. Well, I guess it’s just gonna remain a mystery, you know, like whatever happened in that seminar after they dimmed the lights.
Penny: Uh, you know, when I was in high school, there was this girl who was talking about me behind my back, so me and all my friends, we cornered her in the bathroom and forgave her.
Penny: Okay, all right, honey, you know what? There was something I was too scared to tell you yesterday, and now I’m just balls-out terrified to tell you, but the truth is it wasn’t Barbara Chen, it was me. I’m the reason everyone knows.
Penny: Well, it was an accident. I am so sorry I lied.
Penny: Oh, you know, I also lied about the girl in the bathroom. Yeah, we actually dumped her retainer in the toilet and put it back in her mouth.
Sheldon: I don’t understand why I can’t talk at this meeting.
Leonard: ‘Cause when you talk, it enrages people.
Sheldon: Okay. Quick question. Am I allowed to exchange pleasantries upon meeting this colonel?
Sheldon: Am I allowed to inform him that Colonel Sanders was never actually in the military?
Leonard: I’m getting enraged.
Sheldon: Fine. Ooh. Can I use text-to-speech software?
Howard: It’s a group effort, but I guess if we had to pick a main brain, it would be me.
Leonard: Exactly. Yeah, you have a good grasp of the physics.
Howard: Well, thanks, but you should know we’re a little concerned about this being used in weapons.
Sheldon: Yeah, we’ll do it in two. Hi. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I’m the actual brains behind this project. Also, engineers aren’t real scientists, MIT’s a trade school, and the Death Star is from Star Wars, not Star Trek. But otherwise, thank you for your service.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard’s mad at me, so I’m making him lemon bars.
Penny: Does he even like lemon bars?
Sheldon: Not really. But I’m mad at him, too, so lemon bars it is.
Sheldon: Well, now, see? You knew what was gonna happen. Why didn’t they? Anyway, now we’re committed to completing this project in a ridiculously short time frame, and everyone’s upset with me.
Penny: Well, if it makes you feel any better, Bernadette’s mad at me, too.
Sheldon: Mm. If it makes you feel any better, a parasitoid wasp known as Oobius depressus has been rediscovered after 101 years of presumed extinction.
Penny: Why would that make me feel better?
Sheldon: Why would your Bernadette thing make me feel better? At least mine was educational.
Sheldon: Look, I’m sorry. Tell me why Bernadette is upset with you.
Penny: Well, I told people at work that she’s pregnant. She wasn’t ready for them to know.
Penny: Well, it just slipped out. I feel terrible.
Sheldon: See, that’s exactly what happened to me, except that I said it on purpose, and I have no regrets.
Raj: Is it even possible to get this done in two months?
Howard: Well, maybe. I don’t know. We’ll have to work 12 hours a day, seven days a week.
Leonard: Which means I won’t be able to make Penny breakfast every day, and she’ll realize my brioche French toast was the only thing keeping her in the marriage.
Howard: I love your French toast.
Raj: So, why did you guys even agree to the deadline?
Leonard: Well, the colonel said it was for the good of the country, and the funding is substantial.
Howard: No, but mostly, there was an awkward pause, and I broke it by saying okay.
Raj: So I guess I won’t be seeing you guys for a while.
Leonard: Oh, looks like it.
Raj: Wow. You’re going off to work with the military, leaving me behind. Now I know how all those army wives feel.
Howard: Would you stop? We’re just gonna be on the other side of campus.
Raj: And right here.
Howard: You are a deeply silly man.
Raj: He is so afraid of his feelings.
Penny: Oh, that’s what Amy said. So what’s going on with the research project? Are they gonna let you run it?
Penny: You threatened to sue?
Penny: That’s funny. I learned something totally different.
Penny: Oh, that’s so beautiful.
Sheldon: I never realized this building was classified.
Howard: Maybe that’s because it’s classified.
Leonard: Wish we weren’t so far from my parking space.
Sheldon: The way you put away those lemon bars, perhaps that’s a good thing.
Leonard: I’d like to reinstate the you-not-talking rule.
Leonard: Is that a retinal scanner?
Leonard: I didn’t even have to take my glasses off
Howard: It’s pretty late. You think I’ve got time to run some more simulations on the cooling system?
Leonard: Sure, I’m still figuring out the thermo-acoustic expander.
Sheldon: Oh, while you do that I am going to pump cerebral spinal fluid through my brain cells to remove the metabolic by-products of the day’s thoughts.
Sheldon: It’s called sleep and it’s my bedtime. Nighty-night, y’all.
Leonard: We only have two months to deliver this to the Air Force because of you.
Howard: Well, wake up, we’re gonna put in a lot of late nights.
Sheldon: One o’clock? I’m not a raccoon.
Sheldon: And look how irritable it’s making you!
Leonard: Guys, we’re not gonna get anything done if we start fighting. Now, can you please try
Sheldon: I had a bad dream that my best friend became a tyrant and forced me to stay up all night to work.
Leonard: Oh, I had a good dream that when I carried you to bed, I let your head hit the wall and I laughed.
Penny: Oh, I’ll have some wine and listen to people go on about crap I don’t understand. I mean, how is it any different than every single day of my life?
Raj: Well, I didn’t get to see you last night. It was the least I could do.
Raj: Well, I don’t mind. Oh, you want go to the mall and look at baby stuff?
Raj: Oh, come on, we could share a pretzel and get sideways glances from racist old ladies.
Raj: Oh, I know, why don’t we get started on clearing out the baby’s room?
Raj: How can you be embarrassed around me? I’m gonna be in the room with you when you give birth.
Raj: You didn’t think I was gonna be in your kitchen this morning, yet here I am.
Sheldon: Oh, no, thank you, those have caffeine in them.
Sheldon: I am cool. This is Yoo-hoo, chocolate milk’s delicious watery cousin.
Sheldon: Superheroes take performance-enhancing chemicals?
Sheldon: I am facing a great deal of work. And I do like things better when famous people also like them.
Sheldon: The first one’s free? Flash, how do you stay in business?
Raj: Well, in The Sound of Music, Julie Andrews says let’s start at the very beginning, a very good place to start.
Raj: Well, I think the first thing we should get rid of is that tone.
Raj: Oh, that’s a nice one. Was it yours when you were little?
Raj: Yeah, that’s not worrisome at all.
Raj: I skipped spin class for this.
Howard: Why is it taking him so long to get a drink out of a vending machine?
Leonard: Oh, it’s complicated. He finds pushing that little door and reaching up into the machine
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I am ready to work. To quote The Martian, let’s science the faeces out of this. That’s The Martian the book and The Martian the movie, not Marvin the Martian. Although to quote Marvin the Martian, I claim this planet in the name of Mars.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m fantastic, never been better. I had my first energy drink and I feel great. Hey, you guys want to wrestle? We can do arm, thumb, mud, sumo. Nah, we’re not fat enough, or wearing diapers.
Penny: So should we talk to each other or mingle?
Penny: Yeah, I mean, I could see him eating one or two guests, but not a whole party.
Penny: Oh, it’s funny, I was just thinking the same thing about you.
Penny: What? You tell me about your foot fungus, but this is a secret?
Howard: Maybe we should break for lunch. What time is it?
Leonard: According to the world’s worst cuckoo clock, it’s two.
Sheldon: My head hurts and I’m more tired than ever.
Sheldon: No, I can do this. I just, I just need another energy drink. Oh, no.
Sheldon: That’s a craving. That’s a sign of chemical dependency.
Sheldon: No, I know, but plenty of things are addictive after a single exposure. I mean, crack cocaine, nicotine, Pringles. You know once one pops one just can’t stop.
Howard: You can’t develop a problem that fast.
Sheldon: You want to bet? Oh, great, now I’m addicted to gambling.
Leonard: We can’t afford to lose any more time.
Howard: Well, this probably won’t work, but has anyone ever tried to just haul off and whup the crazy out of him?
Leonard: That’s not helpful. It’s fun to think about, but it’s not helpful. Hey, Sheldon, we are on a serious time crunch. We can’t do this without you. Can you please pull it together?
Sheldon: Just, please, bear with me if I display symptoms of caffeine withdrawal.
Raj: I think you were mean before you were pregnant, but it’s fine. So, uh, instead of cleaning out the room, why don’t we just decide on a theme for the nursery?
Raj: Of course it does. Didn’t your baby room have a theme?
Raj: Oh. Mine was Winnie the Pooh. But anyway, why don’t we just take a step back and start with a colour? Right? There are so many amazing ones. Red, blue, green, purple.
Penny: You trend setter.
Penny: Okay, okay, so Amy’s cool, Sheldon’s cool. Tell me about Leonard.
Penny: That’s me, I’m her. You know, he didn’t trick me, he just wore me down.
Penny: You know, I had no idea Caltech is exactly like my high school.
Penny: Wow, you popular girls are mean.
Sheldon: Uh, you’re really going to have caffeine in front of me when I’m trying to get my life back on track?
Leonard: Uh, okay, let’s pretend you do have a problem.
Leonard: No, you don’t. But let’s say you do. And don’t say you do, because you don’t. Now, wouldn’t you think that throwing yourself into your work would be the best way to deal with it?
Raj: Okay. How Thelma and Louise of us.
Raj: Well, crime-scene photos near your crib spring to mind.
Raj: Bernadette, come on, look, you’re overthinking this, okay? You’re gonna be an amazing mom. Even if you don’t believe it, I know you have maternal instincts.
Raj: Happy and well-fed. You see, that’s what I’m taking from that story.
Sheldon: Leonard, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Is it about the rotational symmetries you should be figuring out or your fake caffeine problem?
Sheldon: All right, I’ll just toss this out to the room. Um, I was thinking that the best way to fight my addiction is by weaning myself off in steps. Now, I couldn’t find a caffeine patch, but I did find what claims to be a mind-boosting caffeine suppository. You know, the interesting fact about the rectum…
Leonard: Sheldon. We are dealing with an impossible deadline from the Air Force because of you. So have an energy drink, don’t have an energy drink. Order suppositories and shove ’em wherever you want, I don’t care.
Sheldon: You don’t shove them. They come with an easy-glide applicator.
Leonard: Right. Listen to me. We can’t do anything until you do your part. So get up in front of this whiteboard and do it.
Sheldon: No, I can’t figure out the math. I’ve been racking my brain for days, and I’ve got nothing.
Sheldon: I can’t do it. I’m not as smart as I think I am. I’m so sorry. This is all my fault.
Howard: When the baby gets here, you gotta teach me that.
Penny: Well, so are you. In fact, you know what? We will never take you for granite. Did you get that? Granite? A little geology joke.
Raj: Whoa, I’m calling my dad, okay? He’s got experience dealing with pregnant ladies because he’s an OBGYN. And experience with crazy ladies because of my mom.
Raj: This is my friend, Bernadette. She’s pregnant, and she’s a bit worried, so I thought maybe you could talk to her.
Howard: We’ve hit a bit of a snag. We’re already behind schedule.
Sheldon: The computations required to overcome the deployability issues are more significant than we thought.
Leonard: I understand that we’re under contract, and I don’t know what the consequences of violating that are, but, uh, we’re not gonna be able to deliver in the time we promised.
Leonard: That stinks. How long are you out of the apartment?
Penny: Ugh, did you lose anything valuable?
Penny: Oh, so nothing. Great. Do they know why the pipe burst?
Leonard: Buildings that have a combination of copper and galvanized steel are susceptible to pinholes and corrosion caused by the mobility of ions in the water. Can’t have your head shoved in a toilet as much as I did and not pick up a few things about plumbing.
Penny: Well, if you need a place to crash, you can stay with us.
Penny: Of course. You can stay in Leonard’s room, and we’ll stay at my place.
Leonard: And we live with Sheldon, so the word inconvenience has really lost all meaning.
Penny: I guess so. And I’d finally get to live alone with my husband.
Leonard: Mm-hmm. For two of us, it’s in the right direction.
Sheldon: Why are you all smiling like crazy people?
Sheldon: Cohabitation with my girlfriend? That’s a great deal to process.
Sheldon: I don’t know. What if living together kills the romance?
Penny: Okay, you guys had sex one whole time. Nothing can put out a fire like that.
Sheldon: Yeah, but what happens when we each get a peek behind the curtain? I mean, she’s never even seen me unshaven.
Leonard: You just shaved yesterday. You’re good for three months.
Sheldon: Don’t try luring me in with sexy talk.
Leonard: Okay. Star Trek, the original series, the Enterprise was on a five-year mission to explore new worlds. Think of this as your personal five-week mission to do the same.
Sheldon: If you want to lure me in with sexy talk, that’s how you do it.
Penny: Don’t be proud of that.
Sheldon: Not yet. How will I learn if I’m comfortable living with Amy or just comfortable because I’m in my own apartment? Now, if this experiment is going to be valid, I suggest a neutral environment.
Sheldon: Well, ideally, an enclosed, self-sustaining biodome in New Mexico, where we would eat crops fertilized with our own waste. 
Leonard: And you were worried about the romance. 00:03:18,914
Penny: Wait. Why don’t you guys stay across the hall, and we will live here?
Sheldon: Interesting. If my official residence were across the hall, I wonder if I’d need to knock every time I came over here.
Leonard: That’s a good question. Maybe just don’t come over.
Sheldon: Historically, I don’t do well with change.
Penny: Okay, it won’t be that bad. We wouldn’t even sit in your spot while you’re gone.
Sheldon: You’re darn right, you wouldn’t. No matter where I am, this will always be my spot. Like an embassy in a foreign country, this seat is the sovereign soil of my bottom.
Leonard: Just nod and smile. He’s almost gone.
Sheldon: Very well. I’m on board.
Sheldon: Yes. I accept this five-week mission to share a living space with my girlfriend.
Sheldon: Well, now, don’t be surprised if, like Star Trek, it’s cancelled in three.
Raj: I have to say, I am happy with your OBGYN.
Howard: Cool. ‘Cause she says you’re doing a great job as weird friend who doesn’t have to be at every appointment.
Raj: I’m the son of a gynaecologist. I could be helpful. 
Raj: The polite response is, thank you for noticing.
Howard: Yeah, we could name him Blobert.
Howard: Bloberta. Or Blobbi with an I.
Raj: Well, somebody else knows because they saw it in the folder.
Raj: It was an accident. The doctor left the folder out on her desk. It’s not my fault I opened it and looked.
Howard: So you know the sex of our baby, and we don’t?
Raj: Flip a coin. You got a fifty-fifty shot.
Penny: You know, I’m very proud of you for trying to live with Amy.
Sheldon: Of course, the ideal way to conduct this experiment would be with four pairs of identical Sheldons and Amys. One pair that was neither dating nor living together. One pair that was dating but not living together. One pair that was living together but not dating. And then, of course, one pair that was living together and dating. Although, with that many Sheldons, it’d be such a party, we’d never get anything done.
Penny: That was a cute story. So, um, what did you want to ask me?
Sheldon: Well, you’ve lived with your significant other for some time. I would like this experiment to go well. Are there any insights you can share?
Penny: Mm. Well, the biggie is, if she has an insane roommate, kick him out as soon as possible.
Sheldon: You know, Leonard and I were very happy before you came along.
Leonard: I’m trying to think of an answer that won’t stop you from doing this. 
Penny: I know it sounds like a cliché, but compromise is key. 
Leonard: Never leave a belt on the floor. At night, they look like snakes.
Penny: Do little things, like bring her a cup of coffee in bed.
Leonard: Keep M&M’S in your pocket in case you have to wait in a long line.
Penny: You’re gonna be seeing each other a lot, so respect each other’s personal space.
Leonard: He startles easily, so, please, no flash photography.
Sheldon: How many pairs of underwear did you pack for the move?
Sheldon: You truly are the Goofus to my Gallant.
Sheldon: Oh, excited, concerned, a little scared. All the same emotions I feel in line at Space Mountain.
Sheldon: Wow, no foreplay or anything, just right to it. 
Sheldon: This is such a relief. Honestly, if it didn’t get you all worked up, I’d kiss you right now.
Sheldon: I know. They probably shouldn’t sell those to children.
Leonard: You enjoy your mission to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Sheldon: It’s Penny’s bedroom. Plenty of men have gone before.
Penny: Now, now, there’s no need to make this emotional.
Sheldon: You, too. Oh, don’t forget. Tuesday the air filters need to be changed.
Sheldon: Oh. Oh, and every other day, check the water level on the avocado pit.
Leonard: I’m on it. 15 years from now, we’ll make guacamole together.
Sheldon: Which side of the bed would you prefer?
Sheldon: No, no, we’re living together now, everything’s equal. You know? I know that I have a tendency to be controlling, so I would rather you choose.
Sheldon: Well, clearly, it’s not whatever I want, because what I want is for you to make this decision, and you refuse to do that.
Sheldon: Like when you let me get those shoes with the wheels on the bottom, and then watched me roll right into traffic?
Sheldon: Fine. Okay. Now, on this side, I am closer to the exit in case of emergency.
Sheldon: No, but I’m also closer to the entrance in case of attack.
Sheldon: Ah, then again, what are the odds of someone attacking me?
Sheldon: Now, this side offers me proximity to the bathroom, but I am closer to the window where perverts can watch me sleep.
Sheldon: Although now I’m kind of worried someone’s hiding behind those drapes.
Howard: I don’t know. Maybe the surprise will make it more fun. Like magic tricks. Remember how disappointed you were when I explained the never-ending hanky?
Howard: But how delightful was it when I pulled out a bouquet at the end of those scarves? It’ll be the same thing when the doctor pulls a beautiful surprise out of you.
Howard: But you didn’t listen, and presto change-o, my baby’s inside you. Ta-da.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m just happy I don’t know what this memory foam remembers.
Sheldon: Well, it’s funny you should ask, because I was wondering how you’d feel about separating the two of us with a pillow wall.
Sheldon: Okay, well, I am sorry. I’m just worried that my sensitivity to temperature could make this a rough night. And no offence, but your bottom radiates enough heat, I’m surprised there aren’t iguanas lying on it.
Leonard: That’s it. It’s Sheldon’s bedtime, he is in for the night.
Penny: Wow. I cannot believe we are alone in our own apartment.
Leonard: It’s weird. This must be how parents feel when their kid goes off to college. Unless they feel sad, then it’s different.
Penny: Really? You’re a genius, and that’s the first thing you come up with?
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon’s not here, so we are going to put on music and dance in our underwear.
Penny: Ugh. Can we just have sex?
Leonard: Oh, don’t worry. Once you see my sweet moves, sex is inevitable.
Penny: Inevitable, you say?
Leonard: I’ll just let my hips do the talkin’.
Howard: Screw it. I’m calling and finding out.
Sheldon: No, Dr. Feynman. If I solve it for you, you’ll never learn.
Leonard: The world may have forgotten about Dance Dance Revolution, but not this smooth criminal.
Leonard: I feel like I pulled something. Why didn’t you tell me to stop?
Penny: Even more not what you think.
Leonard: If you ever need a break, the owner of the train store will let you leave him there while you get a coffee.
Sheldon: Good morning. See? I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. I didn’t knock, but it’s fine. So, how is everyone?
Sheldon: Really? I slept great.
Sheldon: How? You had the whole floor to yourself.
Sheldon: Well, but what kind of scientists would we be, drawing a conclusion after only 12 hours of data?
Sheldon: Wow. I anticipated we’d have problems, but I never thought your scientific rigour would be one of them.
Sheldon: If the lab room disposable shoe cover fits.
Penny: Was that a science diss?
Sheldon: Whoa, whoa! Now you’re making fun of my bona fides?
Sheldon: Well, if you are so protective of the scientific method, perhaps we should use the next five weeks to finish what we started.
Sheldon: For science, maybe you should.
Sheldon: Does Stephen Hawking roll through the quad?
Penny: The new neighbours are weird.
Penny: Okay, I’m confused. Which one is Mr. Robot?
Leonard: I’ll give you a hint. We’re watching Daredevil.
Sheldon: Will you two please inform Amy how much you enjoy adhering to a strict bathroom schedule?
Sheldon: I can if you’d just roll over and accept your fate.
Leonard: And I think the most helpful thing we can tell you is no backsies.
Sheldon: Oh, look who’s in favour of compromise, the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: Hey, she didn’t compromise. She settled. There’s a difference.
Penny: Yeah. You tell him, babe.
Raj: What time do you and Bernadette head out?
Howard: As soon as I get home. We’re hoping to make it before dark.
Raj: I’ve never been to Palm Springs.
Raj: I don’t know. If I want to watch old people sweat, I can just FaceTime my family in India.
Howard: Well, she wants us to spend more time together before the baby comes.
Howard: Well, he wants us to spend more time together before the baby comes.
Leonard: When you live with someone, there’s gonna be conflict. You just have to keep communicating.
Penny: Sheldon, what do you say to that?
Sheldon: I think we should see other people.
Sheldon: Well, as a male, I have an evolutionary drive to perpetuate my DNA. Restricting myself to a single partner is against my nature.
Sheldon: Don’t blame me. Blame your pal, biology. He’s the pervert pulling the strings here.
Penny: I hope one of those people is a monkey, ’cause this is bananas.
Leonard: Hey, you can make jokes, but if this keeps up, he’s gonna move back in here.
Penny: All right. Well, let’s just get them apart for a while so they can cool down.
Leonard: Good. Then before we reintroduce them, we’ll give him one of her sweaters so he can get used to her scent again.
Penny: So it’s okay for you to joke around?
Leonard: No, that’s actually what we did with him when Howard came back from space.
Howard: Honey, how ya feeling? The book says at this stage of the pregnancy morning sickness should be going away. So that’s good news, right?
Howard: There she is. Who’s ready for a hot, three-hour car ride to the desert?
Howard: How ’bout we stay here? We don’t even have to tell anyone. It’ll be like a secret vacation at home. 
Howard: Does it sound sexy?
Howard: You know what’s weird? How turned on you are right now.
Sheldon: You know, people are quick to accuse me of being difficult to live with, but the truth is, Amy is just as challenging.
Penny: Just as challenging?
Penny: Just as challenging as you?
Sheldon: When we’re sleeping, she breathes on me. One night, it got so bad I almost grabbed Toto 
Penny: Leonard breathes on me, too. It’s not a big deal.
Sheldon: She’s always complaining about people at work.
Penny: Well, so does Leonard. It’s kind of annoying, but it’s not the end of the world.
Sheldon: Do you know that when I get out of the shower, she eyes me up and down like I’m a piece of meat?
Penny: You know, so does Leonard. Can’t I just get ready in the morning without him giving me his goofy thumbs-up? Hey-hey-hey.
Sheldon: I know. Sometimes I would just like to be appreciated for my mind.
Howard: Well, pulling a quarter out of your ear isn’t the only magic these hands can do. In fact, what’s this between your toes?
Howard: It sounded like it. Oh, my God. Someone’s in the house.
Howard: What are we gonna do, e-mail 911?
Howard: You know I rely on humour in times of stress.
Howard: Is that the hot tub?
Howard: Well, the answer is both more and less disturbing than you think.
Howard: Stuart. He heard me talking about us going away. I guess he decided to invite himself over?
Howard: Maybe. How ’bout, hey, you look like a boiled chicken breast?
Howard: Nah, that’s not gonna hurt his feelings.
Leonard: Look, here’s the thing you need to understand about Sheldon. He’s the worst.
Leonard: I prefer to think of myself as five-ten, but I still need to get all my pants hemmed.
Leonard: Don’t beat yourself up. You’ve never lived with anyone before.
Leonard: And you’re starting out with Sheldon Cooper. That’s like getting your first pet and having it be, I don’t know, what’s a kind of pet that ruins your life?
Leonard: Look, even when Penny and I started living together, there was a learning curve. But I promise you, it does get easier.
Howard: Maybe this is why people get fish tanks. Who just turned the porch lights on?
Raj: Hmm. They must have left the tub on. Good thing I stopped by. Ah. Aaaaah! What are you doing here?
Penny: You know, one night, Leonard’s nose whistled so loud, I swear it was like sleeping on a train track.
Sheldon: Have you noticed it’s always an A-flat?
Penny: Is it? Oh. It’s like his sinuses are right here in the car.
Sheldon: If we’re just going to drive around aimlessly, the least you could do is take me for ice cream.
Penny: Yeah, I’ll take you for ice cream.
Sheldon: Well, see, why can’t Amy be that subservient? She has coitus one time, suddenly she’s Gloria Steinem. Anyway, I suppose an ice cream parlour will be a good place to meet other women.
Penny: Oh, please, you’re barely interested in a physical relationship with one person. Why would you want to confuse and disappoint others?
Sheldon: Being with Amy has awoken the sexual creature within. When I see a pretty gal walking down the street, I think, hubba hubba, like any other guy.
Penny: You kiss your mother with that mouth? ‘Cause it’s fine.
Raj: If you ever need somewhere to crash, there’s always my place.
Raj: It’s okay. It’s by choice. Well, their choice, and it’s not okay.
Raj: Nobody does. I was embarrassed so I didn’t say anything.
Howard: He’s in our hot tub drinking our wine.
Raj: I’m in a hot tub with you, so pretty bad.
Leonard: Exactly. Learn from my mistakes. No matter where I am at 7:18am, there better be a toilet nearby.
Leonard: Oh, true, but think of how much you’ve accomplished. Who got him to stop Purelling his pocket change?
Leonard: And who got him to put things other than gloves in the glove compartment?
Leonard: And who got him to try a turkey dog?
Leonard: How can you stop now? That’s like walking out of Pinocchio right before he becomes a real boy.
Leonard: Oh. He can try. He’d just need a good locksmith.
Penny: Well, who you gonna hit on? The girl in front of us got strawberry. That’s your favourite.
Sheldon: No. No, if we both like it, I’ll spend the rest of my life opening the freezer and going, aw, no strawberry.
Sheldon: Hmm? Well, she spends her whole day scooping. One arm’s probably bigger than the other.
Penny: Is it possible you might not actually want to meet someone?
Sheldon: I’d say wise beyond your years, but you’re getting up there.
Sheldon: Penny, I am going to tell you a story that I’ve never told anyone.
Sheldon: I was 13 years old, and on spring break from college.
Sheldon: I came home early because they ran out of math to teach me.
Sheldon: My mother was at bible study. I walked in the house expecting to find it empty, and I heard a sound coming from my parents’ bedroom. When I opened the door, I saw my father having relations with another woman.
Sheldon: I know. It’s also why I never open a door without knocking three times. I mean, the first
Penny: Well, what happened with your dad?
Sheldon: We locked eyes, I ran to my room, and we never, ever spoke of it.
Penny: You poor thing.
Sheldon: Since Amy and I have been living together, we’ve been bickering like my parents used to.
Penny: And you’re afraid you’re gonna do something like your dad did?
Sheldon: Yes. I need to prepare her now to save her from pain down the road.
Penny: Down the road? Sheldon, she wanted to share a toothbrush holder with you, and now you’re at an ice cream parlour trying to pick up women.
Sheldon: Well, anything can sound silly when you put it in that tone.
Penny: Honey, instead of worrying about pain you might cause in the future, how about trying to fix the pain you’re causing her right now?
Sheldon: I’m sure you’re right. I suppose I should apologize to you, as well.
Sheldon: That must have hurt watching me look for other women without ever even considering you. Please understand that I think of you as more of a nanny.
Penny: Just finish your ice cream so I can get you home to bed.
Raj: I wonder if this is what it feels like to be Bernadette’s baby.
Howard: Those jets are for my secret spot, not his.
Howard: It’s called relaxing, and that’s all you need to know.
Raj: Well, it’s getting late. Maybe we should head home.
Howard: You jackasses just bought yourselves a hot tub!
Penny: We’re doing good. I think Sheldon has something he would like to say to Amy.
Sheldon: I wanted to apologize for my behaviour today. It, it was unnecessary. This is warm. Oh, and also, I am willing to forego the bathroom schedule.
Sheldon: Amy, you should know I was never really interested in seeing other women. And to prove how serious I am about us, I’m willing to take our relationship to the next level. 
Sheldon: Amy Farrah Fowler, will you share this toothbrush holder with me?
Leonard: Did we really need to be here for this?
Penny: Call me crazy, but I found it moving.
Penny: Hey, have you ever heard of the Van Nuys Comic-Con?
Leonard: ‭Yeah. It’s a dinky little convention where they sell collectibles and get sad D-list celebrities to appear. Why?
Penny: I got asked to sign autographs there.
Leonard: That’s awesome. Is this for Serial Ape-ist?
Penny: Well, it could be for the monkey movie. It could be my haemorrhoid commercial. The list does not go on.
Leonard: Yeah, but it’s not pathetic, that’s where I draw the line. Come on, we’ll have fun.
Leonard: You’ll have nerds fawning all over you. If you don’t love that, this marriage is in trouble.
Penny: I guess it wouldn’t hurt to meet some fans and make a little extra money.
Leonard: Yeah. Wow, An appearance by George Lucas‘s dermatologist. Oh, I want that autograph.
Sheldon: We have people over all the time. We have the maintenance people, the pizza delivery man, that UPS driver who feels the need to ask how parts of me are hanging.
Sheldon: All right, fine. Let’s say that we were to entertain people. What type of gathering did you have in mind? Huh? A meal? Lunch? Brunch? Dinner? Afternoon tea? A formal tea? Hmm? Is it a party? And if so, what kind of party? Is it a cocktail party? A Tupperware party? Ooh, is it a surprise party? Oh, I hope it’s not a West Coast party, ’cause according to the man on the radio, a West Coast party don’t stop.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t be. You get your hopes up, I knock them down. That’s called teamwork.
Howard: That’s a kick. That’s an actual kick.
Howard: I felt a kick. There’s a baby in there.
Howard: Oh, I mean, I know you’re pregnant. I just never connected the idea of pregnancy and you actually having a baby.
Howard: Oh, God, we are not ready to have an infant in this house. We don’t have a crib, we don’t have diapers, we’re not baby-proofed. Anyone can just walk in off the street and lift our toilet lids!
Howard: Do we? Look at you. Willy Wonka would roll you to the juicing room.
Howard: Are we even in a good school…? Ow!
Leonard: Oh, everything we need for your autograph session, head shots, markers.
Penny: Okay. Leonard, it’s sweet you’re excited about this, but it’ll be a miracle if one person asks for my autograph.
Leonard: Are you kidding? I once paid twenty dollars for Theo Sassler’s signature.
Leonard: Oh, I don’t even know. I just liked his name. Theo Sassler. Okay, and look at this. I even got a change maker. How much change you want, little lady?
Leonard: Yeah, well, if it’s a dollar, you’re in luck.
Sheldon: You expressed an interest in having people over, and I feel I dismissed it too quickly. So, I took matters into my own hands, and I arranged a brunch.
Sheldon: Oh, uh, Stuart, Bert from the geology lab, and Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
Sheldon: Yes. Oh, fun story, she grew up with ten siblings. Or possibly penguins. Her English is atrocious.
Sheldon: Well, for our first time hosting, I thought it would be wise to conduct a trial run. You know, like how I practiced for that Halloween haunted house by going into the bathroom at the bus station.
Sheldon: You never saw what jumped out at me at the bus station.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, the real surprise is how surprised you are that I’m great at surprises.
Sheldon: Don’t get me all randy. Guests are on the way.
Howard: Oh, we went and did a little shopping for the baby.
Raj: Wait till you see the crib we found.
Raj: Yeah, it’s the highest rated one on the market. I wouldn’t even call it a crib, I’d call it a Fortress of Solitude for babies.
Howard: Okay, well, I may have gone a bit overboard, but you can’t put a price on safety. 
Raj: Though if you did, it’s more zeroes than you’re expecting.
Howard: But it’s the safest crib you can buy. And if you don’t like it, we can return it.
Howard: In our new minivan. Hey, what’s for lunch?
Howard: It’s for the baby, and I didn’t buy it. The dealer loaned it to me for a 24-hour test drive.
Raj: Though we did ding up the back pretty good with the crib, so you might have bought a minivan.
Howard: The guy at the dealership said they’re not just for moms anymore. 
Raj: Then again, he did think you were my husband.
Leonard: Never been on this side of the table before. I feel powerful.
Penny: Really? I feel like I’m selling candy so our team can get new uniforms.
Leonard: Okay, so it’s four seventy-five for a signed black-and-white and nine ninety-five for a colour. 
Leonard: Well, I brought my moneymaker. Let me shake it. 
Leonard: Oh. You think he’s your first autograph?
Sheldon: The average cork speed is 25 miles per hour. If that is too fast around a school, it is certainly too fast around a kitchen.
Sheldon: Okay. I can do this. Just give me a moment… Oh! Mimosas coming up.
Sheldon: Stuart, this is Bert from the Caltech geology lab, and this is Mrs. Petrescu from downstairs.
Penny: I assume we’re still talking about the movies, but after today, who knows.
Leonard: No. She cannot kiss. What is wrong with you people?
Howard: It’s got a rearview camera, there’s a DVD player, oh, and check this out. It’s like we’re living in the future.
Raj: Hey, show her the trunk. Show her the trunk.
Howard: Imagine this, you’ve got the baby in one hand, groceries in the other, and you’re thinking, how am I gonna open this trunk?
Howard: You don’t need my help when you can open the trunk with a simple kick of the foot.
Raj: No, it’s a gentle kick, you’re doing it wrong. Here. Give me those.
Howard: See? Easy. And look at all this cargo space. Now we’ll get the crib out and you can take it for a test-drive. I’m telling you, this van is gonna be… uuh-uuh, uuh-uuh.
Howard: Oh, yeah, oh, anyway, let’s just get in and see if the GPS can take us to the nearest emergency room.
Sheldon: So until Amy’s apartment is fixed, she and I are living here together.
Sheldon: You know, exactly. We’ve never thrown a brunch before, and I wanted to work out all the kinks.
Sheldon: Hmm. You see, your words sound reasonable, but your face looks angry. Help me out here, this is not where I shine.
Sheldon: Okay, now, see, you look sincere, but your words are completely false. I’m glad we did this test run, these brunches are wild.
Leonard: Like a river carves a canyon.
Penny: Yeah, except the river kept showing me his Pokémon cards.
Leonard: That’s right. I’m her change daddy.
Howard: Aaaaah. What was I thinking? Wolowitzes are not a lifting people. We tip the lifting people.
Howard: You’re gonna feel terrible when I’m in a wheelchair. Which, by the way, would fit easily in the back of this award-winning minivan.
Raj: You have to admit, it’s a pretty smooth ride.
Howard: If childbirth is half this bad, you are so screwed. Are we there yet?
Raj: Howard, Howard, look at the DVD screen. I put on Batman: The Animated Series. Your favourite.
Howard: I’m in too much pain to watch cartoo… oh, this is a good one.
Raj: I’ve been babysitting him way longer than you have.
Sheldon: Well, no, that’s not true. I mean, sometimes it’s Koothrappali. But we’re not supposed to say that ’cause he’s a minority.
Sheldon: Stuart, wait. I do know what it feels like to be left out. 
Sheldon: All right, this is about me and him, you’re not part of it. Stuart, perhaps we do take you for granted, and that is not acceptable. Please know that you truly are a valuable member of our social group.
Sheldon: You know, in fact, I’d like to propose a toast. To Stuart. A fine man, a good friend and a wonderful guest.
Leonard: And that is how a short asthmatic scientist landed a stone cold fox.
Leonard: The third time I did it in skywriting, but she never looked up.
Sheldon: Do you know what else I love about you?
Sheldon: Your handwriting is impeccable.
Sheldon: No, I mean it. I mean it. It’s like you have the soul of a label maker.
Sheldon: You never know when two pieces of paper might temporarily need fastening in the top left corner.
Sheldon: You know, it turns out, you can hurt people just as well without ’em.
Sheldon: Oh, calm down. I already put away five of these. You see? No muss, no fuss, not a single cuss.
Sheldon: And welcome to the first on location episode of Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present…
Sheldon: Hit it.
Howard: For joy and fun there’s no better manner than to fly a pennant flag or banner.
Raj: What fills my heart and makes my eyes moist? Sending a flag up a pole on a hoist. 
Howard: Oh say can you see, it’s fun with flags.
Sheldon: Who haven’t learned their place yet.
Sheldon: Dr. Fowler and I began an experiment in living together after her apartment became water damaged. This is our friend Penny’s place. You may remember her from our episode, Flags and the People Who Don’t Understand Them.
Sheldon: So, let’s roll up our sleevis and get to know Nevis. Well, I, I like that, but next time check with me.
Penny: I can’t believe I’m saying this, but can we watch the news or something?
Leonard: It’s cute, they’re having fun living together.
Penny: Yeah, I wonder what they’re gonna do when her apartment’s ready.
Leonard: So, she’s just been lying to him?
Leonard: Yeah, but to make him leave, not to make him stay.
Sheldon: Buda and Pest united to form Budapest. And that’s why Budapest is the Budabest. Now.
Sheldon: Thank you for your services, gentlemen. Now, I’m hoping to broaden our audience with your youthful rock and roll music.
Howard: Aw, you think you have an audience, that’s funny.
Raj: We don’t get paid? Nothing? Not even a sandwich?
Sheldon: Yeah, we could get Thai food near your apartment and then drop in and check on the progress.
Sheldon: I am terrified of stepping on a nail and falling into a butt crack.
Sheldon: You know, if you’d like, I could call your landlord and complain.
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t mind, I’m very good at complaining. If it were an Olympic sport, I’d complain about what a stupid sport it is and then I’d take home the gold.
Sheldon: Is it me, or are you purposely changing the subject?
Sheldon: I have a feeling you’re still doing it. But I find that topic irresistible, so, now, in ancient Mesopotamia, the king referred to the people as his property.
Howard: I’m serious, JPL’s actually developing a robot arm that could grab an asteroid before it hits us.
Leonard: So their plan for saving the Earth from Armageddon is hoping a bunch of scientists can catch a ball?
Raj: If we’re all gonna die, why am I eating so much kale?
Leonard: You’re awful quiet, everything okay?
Sheldon: I’m concerned about Amy. She’s acting a bit odd lately.
Howard: Oh. Well, just out of curiosity, what registers as odd to you?
Sheldon: Her behaviour. No, I have the feeling that she’s hiding something.
Leonard: I wouldn’t worry about it. She’s probably just distracted by work.
Sheldon: Well, whatever it is, it’s troubling me. And I can’t eat, I can’t sleep. And don’t even ask about the consistency of my bowel movements.
Howard: You heard him, guys, don’t ask.
Sheldon: Why would she keep something from me, you know? I shared my body with that woman. And my Netflix password. They recommended Stella Got Her Groove Back because of her.
Leonard: Buddy, buddy, listen, nothing bad is going on, she just, she just didn’t want you to know that the work on her apartment was finished a couple weeks ago.
Leonard: She’s enjoying living with you and she didn’t want it to end early.
Sheldon: So, she’s deceiving me in order to spend more time with me?
Sheldon: Oh. Well, I feel both flattered and hurt. Like when people say I look like that skeleton from Nightmare Before Christmas.
Raj: Oh my God, that’s who you look like.
Leonard: Sheldon, this is not a big deal. It’s a little white lie, everyone does it.
Raj: Not me, I’m a hundred percent honest in all of my relationships.
Howard: And how single are you right now?
Raj: Eating cake on the toilet single. 
Sheldon: Well, I won’t tolerate deception in my relationship. I have no choice but to confront her.
Howard: Don’t do that, you’ve got gold here. Hang onto it until you’re in trouble and then throw it in her face.
Leonard: Why would you tell him that? That’s terrible advice.
Howard: So you wouldn’t want to have anything on Penny?
Howard: So, if I actually know something right now, and I do, you don’t want me to tell you?
Howard: I’ll take that as a yes. She’s secretly been moving your collectibles into storage a little at a time and you haven’t noticed.
Howard: See, I’ve known that for weeks, but, you know, I waited till the moment when it would cause him the most pain.
Leonard: Superman’s gone, my stormtrooper’s gone.
Sheldon: Your Klingon word-of-the-day calendar’s gone.
Leonard: I’d say damn it in Klingon, but that wasn’t until next month.
Sheldon: It’s khoo-vakh. 
Leonard: Khoo-vakh! She took my Where’s Waldo.
Penny: So, what’s the deal with your apartment? Why’s it taking so long?
Penny: Wet wall?
Penny: Mm. So why don’t they just get more drywall?
Penny: But is Sheldon really believing all this crap?
Penny: The woman at the wall store?
Sheldon: Are you going to confront Penny?
Leonard: Eventually, I guess. Although, I am kind of curious how long she thinks she can keep hiding my stuff without me knowing.
Sheldon: Hmm. You know, perhaps instead of confronting them, we should see how far they’re willing to spin their tangled webs. Like that Spider-Man action figure that used to be on your desk.
Leonard: Oh, my God, I’m going blind.
Sheldon: Excellent. I’m very hungry. Speaking of which, what’s going on with your apartment?
Penny: Yeah, we swung by her apartment on the way to the restaurant, and they’re gonna be fixing it for a while.
Sheldon: Wait, uh, you saw her apartment?
Penny: I did, still a mess.
Leonard: Fine, I told Sheldon that her apartment’s been finished, but then you just said it’s not, so now I’m all confused.
Penny: Uh, she’s enjoyed living with you. It’s called being in love.
Leonard: Mm-hmm, and what’s it called when you secretly get rid of all your husband’s stuff?
Leonard: Bernadette told Howard, Howard told me, plus, I can see all my stuff is gone.
Penny: Oh, so, you believe your friend, and your friend’s wife and your own eyes over me? Wow.
Leonard: You really didn’t think I’d notice my stuff was missing?
Penny: Uh, did you notice your key chain?
Leonard: Where’s Batman?
Penny: Why did you tell Howard I was hiding Leonard’s things?
Penny: And what? Your wizard robes are next to go.
Raj: Now that everything’s out on the table, you, you think you two will keep living together?
Sheldon: Despite recent events, I do consider our experiment in cohabitation to have been positive.
Howard: You know, if he moves across the hall for good, Leonard could keep the stuff you don’t like in Sheldon’s old room. Solves everything.
Leonard: Ooh, maybe I could turn it into a gaming den.
Penny: Sweetie, once you stop paying rent, none of this is really yours.
Sheldon: Hey, I get it. Everybody wants to spend more time with me. I’m like a man made of sugar in a world of ants.
Sheldon: Night. If we did continue living together, would it be here?
Sheldon: Well, I suppose we could find a whole new place. You know, and, technically, we don’t even have to stay in Pasadena. We could, we could move to Altadena or a place that doesn’t even end in dena.
Sheldon: But what if we move and we don’t like it? What if there’s a smoker in the building? Or pets? Or there could be mould? There could be traffic noise. I’m gonna have to learn a whole new bus route. Are you trying to soothe me by singing the Star Trek theme as a lullaby?
Sheldon: I’m not a child, don’t do that.
Sheldon: Do you know 2001: A Space Odyssey? All right, now that’s soothing.
Leonard: Look, I get it, this is still my room, we haven’t really made it yours.
Leonard: Which is why I got you this Pink Power Ranger. Put it anywhere you like.
Penny: Okay, but you may feel some discomfort.
Leonard: I’m kidding, I want you to feel at home here. Decorate it any way that makes you happy.
Penny: Great, and just so you know, I’m not getting rid of all your stuff.
Leonard: What about my robot poster?
Penny: Uhbubububuh, I can make do with just the candle.
Sheldon: I’m struggling with the thought of leaving my old bedroom.
Sheldon: I need to see it. While I’m gone, don’t breathe on my pillow.
Sheldon: That’s my girl. What on earth? What is going on?
Penny: We turned your room into a sex dungeon.
Howard: Okay, last question. The chaps he was wearing, assless?
Sheldon: Can we just focus on the decision I’m facing?
Raj: We can, but for the record, all chaps are assless.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, please, this is a significant decision. Now, do Amy and I continue living together? Or do I move back in with Leonard?
Leonard: Over my assless chaps you will.
Sheldon: Apparently, figure this out on my own ’cause you guys are no help at all.
Sheldon: I’m just contemplating Buridan’s donkey.
Sheldon: What, you’re familiar with the reference?
Sheldon: Huh. Yeah, I wonder if that’s related to the 12th century Persian philosopher, Al-Ghazali and his story of a man caught between two dates.
Sheldon: Al-Ghazali was anti-Aristotelian? Boy, you think you know a guy.
Penny: Okay. Open your eyes and see your new room.
Penny: I know I went a little overboard. We can always dial it back.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, no, it’s, it’s important to me that you have the bedroom you want.
Penny: Oh, that means so much. I love you.
Leonard: I love you, too.
Leonard: Just hiding some stuff in your closet, don’t tell Penny.
Sheldon: How much will it hurt?
Sheldon: On a scale of one to ten, where one is a pebble in your shoe and ten is the monkey you thought was your pet biting your face off.
Sheldon: Eating a whole Altoid?
Sheldon: No, this is for science. I can be brave for science.
Sheldon: Oh, jiminy, that’s cold.
Sheldon: All right, just warn me before you do it.
Sheldon: You tricked me. You didn’t say one.
Sheldon: No, but three, two and we’re done is incomplete. You know those things bother me. It’s like hearing da-da-da-da-da-dah without yelling…
Sheldon: Thank you. Now yell charge and we can get out of here.
Raj: Oh, my God, I just got it. Fun onions, Funyuns. Hold on. Is that a wobble? Yes. That’s definitely a gravitational wobble.
Raj: Oh, no, it’s okay. I just found a wobble.
Raj: It’s a gravitational wobble. It could be a sign of an extrasolar planet that may contain life and someday be named after me.
Raj: Yeah, but it’s probably difficult to pronounce.
Raj: Oh, please, show me a ten-year-old who knows to dip Tootsie Rolls in Nutella. 
Raj: Oh, please, allow me. That’s a lot of empty calories.
Raj: Thank you. Good luck with your future endeavours.
Sheldon: Did it work? Are they brain cells yet?
Sheldon: Oh, just let me look. Oh, my goodness. I see quivering black lines. Those must be neurons, oh, they’re so thick and beautiful.
Sheldon: I have such a profound sense of creation. I, it’s like when I hatched sea monkeys, except that this is from my DNA, so this is like me monkeys. 
Sheldon: Yeah, but us monkeys doesn’t pop. Oh, oh, oh, oh, wait, we monkeys, there you go. Hey, when can we start running tests on it?
Sheldon: What stimulus should we introduce it to first? Light, sound, temperature, oh, oh, let’s
Sheldon: I understand. She’s the mean one, I’m the fun one.
Howard: Huh, they screwed up and gave us steamed broccoli.
Leonard: Really? The last green thing I saw you eat was a Skittle.
Raj: Well, I can’t eat like a ten-year-old all the time.
Penny: You only watch what you eat when you’re afraid you might have to take your shirt off.
Howard: No, she’s right. As long as I’ve known you, you’ve always been self-conscious about your cleavage.
Raj: That’s because you keep trying to stick pencils in it.
Raj: It’s gross but I have to eat it because I met somebody.
Leonard: Oh, so she’s an astronomer?
Raj: Yes, which is why she was in the telescope room. Yes, this is all making sense. Good.
Penny: Well, that’s great, Raj. You must have so much in common.
Raj: No, no, this is brand new. We haven’t even been on a proper date yet.
Penny: How come you never eat broccoli?
Leonard: I’m married, I don’t have to be attractive.
Sheldon: Look, look, here I am standing next to the incubator. Uh, here is a microscopic view of the cells.
Sheldon: Aw. Yeah, this little guy can already recognize electronically transmitted images 20% faster than any other sample in Amy’s lab.
Sheldon: Yeah, I have to say, it is nice to share this experience with someone who’s on the same journey. Although right now ours is testing off the charts while yours is floating around in its own waste.
Sheldon: Well, I didn’t make you waddle up four flights of stairs for the heck of it.
Sheldon: Yeah, but ours can recognize a specific data stream among background noise.
Sheldon: Ours doesn’t need an immune system because it lives in a state-of-the-art German incubator.
Sheldon: Okay, fine. Let’s just agree that both creations are special in their own way and it is foolish to try and compare them. Although, we didn’t need to have sex with Howard for ours, so we win.
Raj: This is fun. I have never cleaned a toilet before.
Raj: No, I grew up with a house full of servants and now I have a cleaning lady who is a lovely woman who I have great respect for.
Raj: Oh, good, because she also walks my dog, buys my groceries and cuts my hair.
Raj: Uh, so forgive me, forgive me for being nosy, but is, is there a wedding ring under those pretty rubber gloves?
Raj: Oh, so, you are unencumbered?
Raj: I love kids, how old is he?
Raj: That’s wonderful. A lawyer, my sister’s a lawyer. Look at that, we have something in common.
Raj: Maybe there are other things we have in common. Come dinnertime, do you enjoy eating food?
Raj: Oh, yes. Oh, okay. Uh, Good night. I don’t know, maybe it’s the fumes from the urinal cakes, but I feel like something is happening between us.
Raj: Okay. I’ll leave. But just know, every time I come in here, I’ll be thinking of you.
Sheldon: Would you look at that? The image we gave it was 45% white noise, and it still managed to reconstruct it.
Sheldon: Yeah, we need to stop for magnets on the way home, this is going right on the fridge.
Sheldon: Uh, no. We lock that door, lower our underpants a little and make a baby.
Sheldon: Clearly the combination of our DNA is exceptional. Our child could be the next step in the evolution of mankind. We’ll be able to get into any preschool we want!
Sheldon: Oh, yes, you are. I track your cycle. For the next 36 hours you’re as fertile as a manure-covered wheat field.
Sheldon: I don’t understand. I thought you’d be thrilled to procreate with me.
Sheldon: Oh, I see what’s happening here. You’re playing hard to get.
Sheldon: Very well. Oops, how clumsy of me. You know what? Let me get that. Hey. Where are you going? I, did you even look at my bottom?
Raj: Oh, well, you said you didn’t have time to go out for dinner, so I thought we could have one right here.
Raj: Oh, come on, we’re in the telescope room. It’ll be like dining under the stars. You see this, uh, double zero? When it says zero one that means it’s twinkling. Sometimes it takes a while.
Raj: That’s why I already cleaned up in here and all the other rooms in the hall.
Raj: Oh, please sit. I tried to cook you a meal from your homeland.
Raj: That depends, do they have Mexican food in Cuba?
Penny: Now, when he said make a baby, is it possible he meant out of Legos?
Leonard: Why does he need a baby? He’s already hairless and smells like talcum powder.
Penny: Could you two really have some sort of super-intelligent child?
Leonard: That’s true. Sheldon’s father once picked a fight with a cactus.
Penny: Yeah, but that’s just his Earth parents. We don’t know anything about the ones that sent him here.
Leonard: Well, we know they were smart enough to send him away.
Leonard: Well, have fun with whatever nightmare’s behind door number two.
Sheldon: Would you care for a brandy?
Sheldon: Good choice, it’s disgusting.
Sheldon: Who’s trying to seduce you? After a long day I always turn on smooth jazz and spray deer musk on my inner thighs.
Sheldon: Anything you’d like to pet? Not my hair. There’s a lot of goop in it.
Sheldon: Amy, come back. I don’t know how to open the oysters.
Raj: So, um, what surprised you the most when you first came to America?
Raj: I thought that, too. But then I got my first waffle maker and never questioned her again.
Howard: Oh, yeah, the astronomer. Raj told us about you. Hey, free toilet paper.
Raj: I’m sorry. Honestly, I didn’t think your job would bother me, but I guess it did. And I hate myself for that. But there’s a lot of things about me that would totally embarrass you.
Raj: Well, prepare to be mortified. I let my dog eat food out of my mouth, not because she likes it but because I do. Also, I know they’re pretty, but I’m scared of butterflies.
Howard: Sorry, just passing through. I think this fell off your cart.
Raj: Come on. What do you say? Let me make it up to you.
Sheldon: Amy, I didn’t want it to come to this, but you have left me no choice but to employ the most passionate, seductive dance known to man. The flamenco.
Raj: Couldn’t have happened to a nicer guy.
Sheldon: Everything is stupid and I want to go home.
Leonard: That’s Sheldon’s way of saying he’s proud of Bert, too.
Sheldon: Hey, it’s not even called the Genius Grant, it’s the MacArthur Fellowship. Just like it’s not Frankenstein, it’s Frankenstein’s Monster. Which brings us back to that hulking simpleton over there. And if anyone’s a genius, it’s me for the way I brought that full circle.
Leonard: How much money did he win?
Howard: And he doesn’t have to use it for research, he can do whatever he wants with it.
Sheldon: Oh, good, maybe he can build a nicer bridge to live under.
Sheldon: Someone call George R. R. Martin, this guy knows how to finish a story.
Sheldon: Some genius. I zinged him with sarcasm, he didn’t even notice.
Leonard: I know, and it was the greatest sarcastic quip I’ve ever heard.
Sheldon: Well, aren’t you a peach.
Sheldon: Who leaves their bike in the hallway? You know, if I knew how to ride one, I’d steal it.
Leonard: Ignore him, he’s just cranky because Bert from the geology lab won a big grant.
Penny: Oh, I heard him interviewed on the radio. You know, when they told him he won, he didn’t believe it, but then he did believe it. It was so funny.
Sheldon: Who listens to the radio any more?
Leonard: They say it could be a potential indicator of life on other planets.
Penny: You know what, I’ve met Bert. Isn’t he an indicator of life on other planets?
Sheldon: You used to make those jokes about me. Now everything is Bert, Bert, Bert.
Sheldon: You want me to read a geology paper?
Howard: You busy? There’s somebody out here who wants to meet you.
Howard: Say hello to everybody’s little friend, remote control Stephen Hawking.
Howard: I found him in an old box.
Howard: I didn’t buy it. I made it.
Howard: What’s the big deal?
Howard: No, it’s not. Check it out, he says fun stuff.
Howard: His eyes also light up in the dark.
Leonard: It’s always fun watching him read someone else’s work.
Penny: It’s like scrolling through the emojis on my phone.
Sheldon: Yeh, why? Eh, why? Oh, that’s why.
Sheldon: I hope you’re happy making me read this. Bert’s work is remarkable, and I’m more upset than ever. This is worse than when I had to admit that Cedric the Entertainer’s actually entertaining.
Sheldon: Yeah, well I am angry. And you telling me not to be angry makes me angry. And do you know how hearing myself say the word angry over and over makes me feel?
Penny: I, I knew the answer. I got excited.
Leonard: Hey, buddy, why don’t we go for a walk, so you can calm down.
Sheldon: That’s a good idea. I guess everyone’s having them now.
Leonard: Hey, I’m trying to help you.
Sheldon: Fine. You can walk ahead of me and scare off the pigeons.
Leonard: You just wave your arms a little and they fly away, it’s not…
Howard: Okay, Raj, I’m gonna show you something. Now, one of us thinks it’s offensive, the other thinks it’s hilarious and a great idea. But, I’m not going to tell you who likes it.
Raj: This is tough, but I’m going to say it’s the guy who shows me YouTube videos of people getting hit in the nuts.
Howard: You’re crazy. I’ve worked with Hawking. He’s got a great sense of humour, and I think he’d like it.
Howard: You laughed when that guy got hit in the nuts.
Raj: I laughed because the guy was Leonard.
Sheldon: I admire you, Leonard.
Sheldon: You’re happy with who you are. You don’t get jealous of other people. Instead of being weighed down by ambition, you just float along like a dead body in a river.
Leonard: I couldn’t just take the compliment. I had to ask why. You know, I do understand what you’re feeling. My brother and sister’s accomplishments have always been held over my head.
Leonard: I wet the bed until college, but I don’t think that’s a quality fix.
Sheldon: I can’t believe I was surpassed by a geologist. I mean, rocks. He studies rocks. If rock is so great, how come paper beats it? Leonard, I’m having a primal urge to throw this rock.
Leonard: Do it. Visualize it as your anger and, and toss it out of your life.
Sheldon: Perhaps I will. This rock encapsulates all my negative emotions. I will cast you far away. Feel free to take out a pigeon while you’re at it.
Leonard: Let it fly.
Sheldon: I tried to let go of anger and threw a rock into my foot.
Leonard: Then he got more angry and kicked the rock with his other foot.
Leonard: Oh, I laughed so hard, I burst a blood vessel in my nose. It’s fine.
Leonard: Although if you are gonna do it again, please let me know, so I can get it on video.
Sheldon: Yeah, but you’ve got all those things, and no one’s lining up to be you.
Penny: This is getting old fast, Dolores, knock it off.
Sheldon: Uh, do you really think calling me names is helpful?
Penny: I do, your life is fine you big baby. 
Leonard: If it helps, I’m questioning your life choices, too.
Sheldon: Thank you, Penny. You know, I just need to keep reminding myself that Bert’s success is not my failure.
Sheldon: And that men of his large stature are more susceptible to a wide array of life-threatening diseases.
Howard: I’m conducting a quick survey. Do you think this respectful and loving tribute to a great man is in poor taste?
Howard: Do you think this is in poor taste?
Leonard: Does it spin around and do tricks?
Howard: All right, we’re done. It’s offensive.
Sheldon: Top of the afternoon, gentlemen.
Howard: You’re in a good mood.
Sheldon: Well, it’s a new day. I have a new outlook. You know, I realized I don’t need to worry about other people. I just need to think more about myself.
Leonard: Oh, how will we ever get used to the new you?
Raj: Well, I’m glad to see you moving forward.
Sheldon: Bert did quality research, and he deserves whatever accolades he receives.
Howard: What is going on? Did you upgrade his software last night?
Leonard: I think he might be learning on his own.
Raj: Then the robot uprising has begun.
Sheldon: Excuse me, I need to pay Bert a proper congratulations.
Raj: He doesn’t just look like C-3PO, now he walks like him.
Sheldon: Bert? I wanted to let you know that I read your research, and your award is well-deserved.
Sheldon: Well, just this once, you can count me as people, too.
Sheldon: You know, I’m not sure. You know, you’d have to ask him. Excuse me. Aah. Leonard, I hurt myself again.
Leonard: Excuse me, I have to go take some pictures.
Sheldon: No, I went to punch the water fountain, slipped in water in front of the water fountain, and hit my head on the water fountain.
Leonard: It’s not hard. Just picture the Three Stooges, and then take away two stooges.
Sheldon: I’m so disappointed in myself. Jealousy is completely illogical.
Raj: It’s a human emotion, Sheldon. Everyone gets jealous. I’m jealous of Leonard and Penny and Howard and Bernadette for being in such happy relationships.
Leonard: I’ve always been jealous of how much money Raj’s family has.
Raj: Thank you for saying that. Next to buying things, that is the best part about having money.
Penny: You liked my short hair, right?
Leonard: Yeah. I loved it. Love you, love the hair, would love to change the subject.
Penny: Seriously, none of you liked it?
Penny: You know, how come nobody’s talking about Howard’s dopey haircut?
Howard: And I think you’re cute.
Raj: I think you’re both cute.
Penny: I think I hate all of you nerds.
Sheldon: Sorry I’m moving slowly.
Leonard: Oh, I don’t mind. If you pull a butterscotch out of your pocket, it would be like I’m walking with my grandma.
Sheldon: Oh, no. A plaque? Nobody wants to see this.
Leonard: Well, change plaque to mixed-race couple and you are my grandma.
Sheldon: I can’t take this any more. Bert. Bert. Bert. 
Sheldon: All right, let’s do this, Bert? We need to talk.
Sheldon: Rock, rock, water fountain. I am not proud of this, but I have been envious of your recent success.
Sheldon: I was hoping by admitting my weakness to you, I’d somehow be unburdened.
Sheldon: No. Now that you know my weakness, I hate you more than ever.
Sheldon: We, hang on, you’re my enemy. Now, the enemy of the enemy is my friend. And right now, I’m my own worst enemy. That makes you my friend. Okay, I’m good to go.
Sheldon: Yes, that’s right. I have Amy. In the past, you’ve professed feelings for her. Does it eat you up inside that I have her and you don’t?
Penny: I can’t believe you punched Bert.
Sheldon: I didn’t punch him. He turned around, and I gave him a Captain Kirk karate chop. I’m not even sure he knows I did it.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, I’ve got someone here who might make you feel better.
Sheldon: Thanks, Leonard, now he’s not gonna think I’m cool.
Penny: Oh, wow, that doesn’t seem fair.
Sheldon: How do you deal with the success of your colleagues?
Leonard: Oh, it was a good one. He played poker with Sir Isaac, you don’t care.
Sheldon: I can’t. Thank you, Professor Hawking. You are a gift to mankind. There should be statues of you everywhere. You know, the Lincoln Memorial has a big chair. We could swap you right in.
Sheldon: What a wonderful idea, how does this man not have a Nobel?
Sheldon: Do people know about her? ‘Cause she’s delightful.
Sheldon: Let’s take every single thing from the other apartment and put it in here.
Sheldon: You know, I have always thought that this couch would look fantastic on the curb in front of the building.
Sheldon: You know, I wonder how she feels about all this artwork.
Sheldon: It truly does capture the beauty of your friendship with Penny.
Sheldon: Yeah, it seems only right that she have it back.
Sheldon: Look, it’s the same smile she has in the painting.
Sheldon: Yeah, there’s hooks in the closet, I can hang it right now.
Penny: Uh, we ran out of candy on Halloween, I was just giving everything away.
Penny: But it’s a picture of you.
Penny: But you commissioned it.
Penny: I seem to be losing.
Sheldon: You know, Leonard, the more I think about it, there are a number of mutually owned items in this apartment that you and I should go through. Uh, for example, who gets our beloved sword, Longclaw?
Sheldon: That seems fair, we did just give you the painting.
Penny: Yeah, I don’t need anything around that I can stab myself with.
Sheldon: Wonderful, Longclaw is mine. And how about you keep our avocado plant?
Leonard: Sounds right, a limited edition collectible worth hundreds of dollars and a thing that grew out of a thing we fished from the trash.
Sheldon: Although, Amy and I did just move in together, and a plant is a lovely housewarming gift.
Sheldon: Oh, we got a sword and a plant, our apartment’s really shaping up.
Howard: Hang on, maybe it’s not the worst idea. I mean, he did do a good job taking care of my mother.
Sheldon: Oh. Remember when we got this at Comic-Con?
Leonard: Oh, yeah. The Mr. Spock cuckoo clock.
Penny: So if it breaks there’d be none of it?
Sheldon: Well, Leonard, you know, who should keep this? On the one hand, I love Mr. Spock more than you do. On the other hand, I care more about clocks than you do.
Sheldon: I’ll be right across the hall. You’ll probably be able to hear it.
Sheldon: Oh, now, what about our 3-D chess set?
Sheldon: Well, no, I just didn’t think you’d want a physical reminder of a game you never managed to win. As a kindness, I should probably take all the games.
Leonard: You know what, Sheldon, take it. In fact, you can have everything, I really don’t care.
Sheldon: Are you sure? These items represent our shared times together.
Leonard: Well, you know what’s gonna happen, he’s just gonna come up with some reason why everything should be his.
Sheldon: For a man so good at predicting my moves, how come you stink at 3-D chess?
Sheldon: It’s not my fault I’m bad at sharing, I skipped kindergarten.
Leonard: I would like to keep the official flag of our apartment.
Sheldon: But you don’t even like flags.
Sheldon: But I designed it.
Leonard: But you made me order it because you were too well-known in the flag community and they’d jack up the price.
Sheldon: But you don’t even understand its symbolism.
Leonard: Oh, I do. The, the field of blue represents you being miserable, and the lion sticking its tongue out means I’m happy about it.
Howard: It’s like we have a butler. If I had a Batsuit I’d be Bruce Wayne.
Howard: It’s pajamas, there’s no cape.
Raj: Do, uh, Howard and Bernadette know? Or is it like a possum in the walls kind of thing?
Raj: Oh, but I bought Chinese takeout.
Leonard: Is the Wi-Fi working for you?
Penny: Uh, hang on. I don’t think so, I’m clicking on one weird trick for a flat belly, but I’m still seeing celebrities who look like their pets.
Leonard: Oh, I knew it, Sheldon changed the password.
Leonard: Well, the new network name is ha ha ha, now I’ve got you, so it’s either Sheldon or Gargamel from The Smurfs.
Penny: What a jerk.
Leonard: You’re good at revenge, how do we get him back?
Penny: Well, my go-to move is usually sleep with the person’s boyfriend, but I kind of feel like I’m already doing that.
Leonard: Sheldon, I know what you did, now change the password back.
Sheldon: Well, powder me in sugar and call me a doughnut, if it isn’t Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m warning you, I can play this game, too.
Sheldon: If it’s like your 3-D chess game, then you’re out of your length, width and depth. Amy, get the Neosporin, somebody just got burned.
Sheldon: All right, I tried. That should be the title of your autobiography. Ooh, a second-degree burn.
Sheldon: It’s a good thing you’re cute.
Raj: So, I was reading how it’s a good idea for new parents to take an infant CPR class.
Raj: Although it was already under control.
Raj: It’s just that they’ve had plenty of help.
Raj: Well, they already had a village.
Raj: Yeah, well, maybe the village was too busy checking out the local Montessori school for the new arrival.
Leonard: Separating my delicates.
Sheldon: This is the level you’re stooping to.
Leonard: No. This is the level I am stooping to. I believe that is flag to crotch four, checkmate. Easy-peasy, ooh, so breezy.
Raj: I’m here to put the crib together.
Raj: Well I don’t know if you realize this, but I bought that crib.
Raj: Hey, this pregnancy had an emotionally-needy third wheel way before you came along.
Raj: Is this what you do when I’m not here, make really good points?
Penny: I think I’m gonna go for a run, you want to come?
Leonard: No, last time that old lady in the park kept screaming, watch out, he’s right behind you. Hello?
Penny: What, what are you doing in our apartment?
Leonard: Unbelievable. Okay, uh, I don’t know what he told you, but you can’t stay here.
Sheldon: So, there are fresh linens on the bed and, oh, well, now, I see you’ve met Theodore. Theodore, these are your new roommates, Leonard and Penny. They’re very honest, but I would not leave cash lying around.
Sheldon: My room is paid up until the end of the month, so I can do with it whatever I please, which includes renting it out for a dollar a night.
Sheldon: Anyway, I’ll leave you be. I have to, oh, oh, he’s expecting a newspaper in the morning. Apparently, they still make them.
Penny: All right, Sheldon, this is over the line.
Sheldon: That’s true, but had I done something under the line, there wouldn’t be a man in your kitchen who can’t produce a single form of ID.
Sheldon: And now you know as much about him as I do.
Raj: Oh, hey, Bernadette, the swing comes with two different mobiles. The giraffes are pretty cute, what do you think?
Raj: At least my nose is naturally brown.
Howard: Mm, I know. It’s really making me lose respect for both of them.
Penny: Okay, I’ll go to a hotel. Text me in the morning if you’re still alive.
Leonard: This is ridiculous.
Sheldon: Will you keep it down? What kind of vengeful bed and breakfast do you think I’m running?
Leonard: We lived together 13 years. How can you be so awful to me?
Sheldon: I’m being awful? You’re the one who went out of your way to hurt me.
Leonard: Because you were being selfish.
Sheldon: Dividing our belongings is difficult.
Sheldon: I have to admit, leaving you to move in with Amy has been harder than I thought it would be.
Leonard: Well, for me, too. It’s not the same with you gone.
Sheldon: Leonard, I would like us to stop fighting about our possessions.
Sheldon: In fact, I want you to keep the apartment flag, and I’m not just saying that because it touched your genitals.
Sheldon: I do. And to show you that there are no hard feelings, I am willing to rub my genitals on it as well.
Penny: Little lower to the left. A little more.
Penny: No, still hideous.
Leonard: Well, I’m sure at some point, we won’t even notice it’s there.
Penny: Yeah, you’d think that, but after a while it starts showing up in your dreams.
Howard: Hey, tomorrow who wants to paint the nursery?
Raj: Just because you’re starving doesn’t make you an artist.
Howard: Guys, you heard her, go see what she wants.
Howard: Oh, oh, okay, okay, uh, uh, uh, I can do this. We have a plan. Somebody please tell me the plan.
Raj: I’ll pull the van up.
Raj: Team Baby, go.
Howard: I love you.
Howard: Oh, man, this is really happening. You doin’ okay?
Raj: All right, hold on. I’m gonna drive like we do in India. Get out of my way, you syphilitic dogs.
Howard: Stop that, this isn’t India.
Raj: Fine. What do one point three billion people know about having babies?
Howard: Sorry. I know you were just trying to help. I love you.
Sheldon: It’s midnight. Happy birthday.
Sheldon: This is for you. I was going to wrap it, but touching Scotch tape gives me the heebie-jeebies.
Sheldon: A functional MRI of my brain. I did Sudoku before they took it so I’d be ripped.
Sheldon: And it’s not just an MRI. The orbitofrontal cortex is lit up because I was thinking of you.
Sheldon: We seem to be moving on to the annual coitus portion of your birthday festivities. 
Sheldon: I didn’t put on my come-hither plaid PJ’s for nothing.
Penny: Guys, wake up. Bernadette’s having her baby.
Leonard: Come on, we’re going to the hospital.
Sheldon: Yeah. I’m afraid so. Childbirth, looming coitus? This is a banner night for female genitals.
Howard: No, we’re keeping it a surprise.
Raj: You see, I was at the doctor’s office, the folder was right there, so I took a peek.
Howard: And talking like this doesn’t make it less creepy.
Raj: I’m sorry, that’s ambiguous. Is it five minutes apart starting at the top of the hour, or five minutes apart starting with the first contraction, so essentially, like, 65 minutes?
Sheldon: Wolowitz might hand out cigars. I had to find my bubble gum cigar so I could join in without looking foolish.
Leonard: Damn, I need my inhaler.
Leonard: No, I went down the stairs too fast.
Raj: Don’t come to the hospital. We’re headed home.
Penny: Oh, that was fast. Did she sneeze the baby out?
Penny: Okay, well, we’ll talk to you guys later. Bye. She said not to come. It’s gonna be a while.
Sheldon: I’m starting to rethink the Flash onesie I bought this kid.
Penny: Well, it doesn’t matter. We’re not going to the hospital now.
Leonard: Are you sure? I’d really like to.
Penny: Well while we’re all awake, why don’t we go to a diner or something?
Sheldon: It doesn’t matter what I want. It’s your birthday, you decide.
Penny: Oh, my God. It’s your birthday. Let’s do something fun.
Penny: We could go to a bar.
Leonard: Okay, I can breathe again. Babe, they want to have sex.
Penny: Oh, of course. The annual birthday booty spectacular!
Sheldon: That’s a bit childish, isn’t it? 
Penny: I’m sorry, and what flavour is your bubble gum cigar?
Sheldon: Grape. I find it the most mild.
Leonard: If we find my backup inhaler, maybe we can get frisky.
Penny: Oh, you sexy, wheezy little man.
Raj: You’ll be happy I did. Okay, little one, here we are back at home because you weren’t quite ready to come out yet. You wanted to make an entrance. I get it. And here’s your daddy. When he tries to tell you he used to be cool, you can see he wasn’t.
Howard: All right, enough with the camera.
Raj: Well, this is not for me, this is for the baby. Some day she’s gonna want to see this.
Raj: I, I said she, but lot’s of things are she, boats and cars, whales, like thar she blows!
Raj: Well, okay, I’m gonna sign off now. This next part may contain some adult language.
Howard: We made it this far without knowing, and you’ve ruined it.
Raj: Well, you guys have no idea how hard it is to know something like this and not say it.
Sheldon: Well, I believe we were kissing like randy teenagers, and your nose was whistling ever so slightly.
Sheldon: Oh, don’t be. You were like a foxy tea kettle.
Sheldon: I’m not sure. Earlier tonight, things began organically, and now it’s feeling forced, like all the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
Sheldon: Oh, I know, but just, Leonard and Penny think we’re doing it, and I don’t want to disappoint them.
Sheldon: No, and also, I don’t want to disappoint you. I, you know, come on, it’s your birthday. I can soldier through this.
Sheldon: Intriguing. Is back on track a hint that it has something to do with trains?
Sheldon: Because if it did have to do with trains, and you were gonna give…
Sheldon: Not even a cozy sleeper car on the Orient Express?
Sheldon: Who’s killing the mood now?
Leonard: Found the backup inhaler, want to have sex?
Penny: Well, I didn’t until I heard that.
Leonard: Hang on. I’m counting. It’s okay.
Raj: Hello. Howard and Bernadette kicked me out because I told them they’re having a girl. Oopsy, I did it again.
Penny: Maybe if we’re quiet, he’ll go away.
Raj: You’re gonna have to be quieter than that.
Sheldon: Wowza.
Sheldon: What, a Gryffindor sleeping with a Hufflepuff? How scandalous. You naughty girl, you went to the Wizarding World theme park without me.
Sheldon: Yes, you’re in trouble, you went to Wizarding World without me.
Sheldon: You know I’ve been wanting to go.
Raj: No. People just keep kicking me out everywhere I go.
Penny: Hey, Bernadette’s water broke.
Leonard: Come on, everyone to the hospital.
Howard: Just try to relax, we’ll be there any minute. Stuart, stop driving like an old man. Speed it up a little.
Penny: Howard and Bernadette’s kid might be born on your birthday. How cool is that?
Raj: This is not how I imagined this day going, I should be with them right now.
Leonard: Well, it is their child.
Raj: I know that. But to be fair, I’ve spent nine months helping Bernadette get ready for this baby, and Howard spent five minutes conceiving it. And I’m being generous.
Sheldon: Five minutes? We must be doing it wrong. It took us hours.
Raj: And, and the worst part is that they kicked me out and let Stuart stay.
Sheldon: She’s right. You know, I just learned Amy went to a theme park without me, but I’m not going to ruin her birthday. I’ll wait, and ruin 24 individual hours sprinkled throughout the year. Boop.
Howard: Deep breaths, slow breaths.
Howard: Uh, Stuart, while you’re out there, don’t come back.
Howard: So, what are we gonna name this kid? Now that we know she’s a girl, it kind of ruins my plan for Wally Wolowitz.
Howard: Debbie? No. She hated that name.
Howard: Hm. She would’ve been the best grandma.
Howard: Yeah. I was 20 years old before I figured out Tootsie Rolls weren’t naturally warm.
Howard: Thank God you answered right, we wouldn’t be here today.
Leonard: It’s hard to believe Howard’s having a kid.
Penny: How many times do I have to say I’m sorry?
Leonard: It’s not just Howard and Bernadette. I mean, look how far we’ve all come.
Sheldon: But if my mom asks, we have bunk beds.
Leonard: Penny was a struggling actress when we met, and now she’s a successful pharmaceutical rep.
Penny: Okay, you don’t have to say struggling every time. You can just say actress.
Leonard: Sheldon, Howard and I are working with the government on our quantum gyroscope.
Raj: For God’s sake, just drive in the knife, why don’t you.
Raj: Well, you’re all thinking it, I’m the only one who hasn’t done anything worthwhile.
Sheldon: I was not thinking it. Although, now that you point it out, it is undeniable.
Raj: Oh, yay, I have a doctorate in astrophysics and I’m every bit as awesome as the pasty-faced owner of a comic book store.
Sheldon: Raj, show some compassion. Those are things that we think but don’t say.
Howard: Come on, Bernie, breathe. Remember what you learned in birthing class.
Leonard: I’ve come to peace with my relationship with my parents. That was a big milestone for me.
Sheldon: Oh, speaking of personal growth, I recently tried eating Swiss chard. You know, I didn’t swallow it, but Amy said it counted.
Penny: You know, Raj, honey, you’re being too hard on yourself. When I first met you, you couldn’t even talk to women. I mean, you couldn’t even talk if one was in the room.
Raj: Oh, great, now I can say things like I can’t believe you’re breaking up with me, why are you breaking up with me? Yes, I’ll still help you move.
Penny: Hey, I bought M&Ms at the vending machine and two bags came out.
Howard: Tired, but great. They’re both great.
Penny: Does the baby have a name yet?
Howard: We have named her Halley.
Leonard: Oh, like Halley’s comet.
Howard: Exactly. Also like the comet, Bernadette said she’s not gonna have sex with me for another 75 years.
Howard: I’m gonna get back. Thank you for staying up, I can’t wait for Halley to meet her new aunts and uncles and godfather.
Raj: You hear that, Stuart? I’ve got a dog and a godchild, you have nothing.
Penny: Oh, look at all the babies.
Sheldon: Some will be successful, some may be homeless. It’s fun to think about.
Raj: Guys, she’s my goddaughter, I think I’ll know when I see her. That one.
Sheldon: It was. Bernadette had her baby, I made it to Wizarding World, and now it is time to complete your birthday celebration. Hankius pankius.
Sheldon: Amy, I just saw a magic train and reported somebody for cutting the line. If that’s not foreplay, I don’t know what is.
Penny: Hey, can you help me put some of the food out?
Leonard: Yeah. Let me finish packing this stuff up. You know how Sheldon is if he sees Christmas stuff lying around after New Year’s.
Penny: Yeah, but he doesn’t live here anymore.
Leonard: Well, he doesn’t live at Walmart, but he still threw a tantrum when he saw Marshmallow Peeps after Easter. And that’s the same man who complains you can’t find Marshmallow Peeps after Easter.
Penny: Oh. It’s Bernadette. She says they’re running late. The baby threw up on Howard, and then Howard threw up on Howard.
Leonard: Well, he didn’t throw up on the baby. That’s a win.
Sheldon: Oh, you know., the lone star state. Hmm. That should be its Yelp rating.
Sheldon: Yeah. It is good to be home. Oh, good lord, is that mistletoe? Don’t you maniacs own a calendar?
Penny: I told him to take it down. He would not listen to me.
Leonard: Did you at least have a good flight down there?
Sheldon: It was fine. Other than the weird-tasting juice Amy gave me, I slept the whole way.
Leonard: And before our next drive to Comic-Con, I need the name of that juice.
Sheldon: Do we have to? I really don’t want to hear the religious lecture.
Sheldon: There’s always one. She gave it to my sister about her boyfriend, my brother about his girlfriend, my father about his girlfriend. That one had some un-Christian words in it.
Sheldon: Eh, I don’t know. I am her precious little boy. And you did take my flower.
Sheldon: Given that your hands prepared it, isn’t that a little self-serving?
Sheldon: Oh, wait, wait, shouldn’t we just eat? You know, I mean, God did take time out of his busy schedule to bless these Sloppy Joes.
Sheldon: All right. This is on you. Amy and I are living together in sin, like a couple of New Yorkers. Now, while you scold us, I’m going to get a knife and a fork. Joe may be sloppy, but Sheldon’s not.
Sheldon: What? Wh, where’s the judgment? Wh, where’s the fire and brimstone? Where’s the part where you tell us we’re going to Hell and I say have you seen the size of the bugs outside? We’re already there.
Sheldon: And what special circumstances are those?
Penny: Oh, boy, I think it’s about to get bad.
Sheldon: What, so you thought I was going to be alone for the rest of my life?
Sheldon: Well, this is highly insulting.
Sheldon: I’m the child she was worried about? I have a brother and sister whose combined intellectual wattage couldn’t power a potato clock, if I spotted them the potato.
Sheldon: Well, I was in my room, I couldn’t hear what they were saying.
Sheldon: Just being the unsocialised eccentric my mother always thought I was.
Sheldon: Yeah. And I don’t understand why you’re taking her side. By being my girlfriend, she’s saying you’re a weirdo, too.
Sheldon: Can you believe my mother thinks we’re both strange?
Sheldon: Well, first we buttered my feet to get the swim fins off, and then we went out.
Sheldon: I was going chronologically. You’re right between Koothrappali’s father and Omar, the one-eyed Sparkletts guy.
Sheldon: I knew we should’ve never mentioned us living together in the first place.
Sheldon: Disagree. We’ve known about evolution since 1859, she still believes in Noah and his amazing zoo boat. This could have all been avoided if you’d only listened to me.
Sheldon: So my mother thought I was incapable of finding a mate, and my mate thinks I’m incapable of running my own life.
Sheldon: What? How should I know? Excited? Itchy? Give me the first letter. 
Sheldon: How would you feel if I contacted your mother behind your back?
Sheldon: Delighted? What., not if I guessed for a hundred years.
Howard: The baby’s asleep, can we put her in your room?
Penny: Oh, it’s no problem, Amy and Sheldon were just telling us about their trip to Texas.
Sheldon: How did we get in the car?
Penny: Stop. Okay. They told Mary they were living together, there was a fight, he got his feelings hurt, then he put underwear on his head.
Leonard: On purpose, not the way it used to happen in high school.
Sheldon: I was acting odd intentionally.
Sheldon: Well, there’s really not much left to tell. I decided that my mother views me as a child because I never went through a rebellious phase, so, I got an earring. My mother made me take it out. Amy put alcohol on it. And here we are.
Penny: So tell me, how did Sheldon look with an earring?
Penny: Actually, we got in a pretty nasty fight.
Leonard: It might’ve been the worst one we’ve ever had.
Leonard: Well, we had started binge-watching Luke Cage together, and it was kind of our thing, and then I find out that she watched two episodes without me. 
Sheldon: I don’t understand what’s wrong with socks.
Penny: To be fair, we may have been on edge because of the Christmas tree.
Penny: You do make a cute elf.
Leonard: Oh, yeah? And you thought Spock ears were only good for Comic-Con.
Penny: Hey, hey, I just found a farm where they let you chop down your own tree.
Leonard: Oh cool, I’ll be like a pointy-eared Paul Bunyan.
Penny: No, what’s stupid is a physicist who doesn’t understand when you swing an axe, you don’t let go.
Leonard: For the tenth time, my mittens were slippery!
Penny: Ugh. It’s 70 degrees, you didn’t need mittens.
Leonard: You know how easily I blister.
Penny: Yes, yes, you bruise, you peel. It’s like I’m married to an old piece of fruit.
Leonard: Look, we could keep fighting and let it ruin our night, or, or we can stop and try to salvage the evening.
Penny: There’s something on the windshield.
Penny: There’s no shame in asking for a break.
Leonard: If I need a break, I’ll ask for a break.
Penny: There’s a tree on you.
Leonard: You want to decorate it tonight?
Penny: Yeah, with gasoline and a match? Sure.
Leonard: I hope it kills us both.
Leonard: By the way, if anyone asks, the elevator shaft always had a tree in it.
Sheldon: So Bernadette, if I express interest in your baby will you promise not to make me touch it?
Howard: Hey, I found superhero baby wipes, the perfect way to clean up crime, and tushies.
Raj: You know, in India when my baby brother cried like that, the servants would just take him far away so we couldn’t hear it. Not always, sometimes we’d leave.
Howard: I mean, it’s Stuart. Maybe she’s playing possum until he goes away.
Raj: Oh, don’t take it so personally, maybe your baby’s just a jerk.
Sheldon: Wait, so how does the story end? Is the baby a jerk or is Bernadette a bad mother?
Sheldon: What? Is there another twist coming? Is the baby not theirs at all?
Leonard: Ignore him. How did you get the baby to stop crying?
Penny: You poor things you must be exhausted.
Howard: It has been hard to sleep with all the crying.
Sheldon: It says here that up to 80% of new mothers experience baby blues. And that the best thing to do is reassure them that they’re doing a good job. Bernadette, you are doing a good job.
Sheldon: Thank you, Internet. I’m telling you, with the right YouTube video, I can give Howard a vasectomy.
Leonard: Please tell me you didn’t use Amy’s magic juice.
Howard: Well, I’d say that’s thinking outside the box, but, come on.
Howard: Good job, Mommy. I’m proud of you.
Howard: Good night. I love both my girls.
Penny: I can’t believe you fit in the crib.
Penny: Our pleasure.
Raj: Be there bright and early.
Howard: Not me, paternity leave.
Sheldon: Oh. A small human wreaks havoc on his wife’s genitals and he gets time off.
Howard: With pay, sucka. Forgot the baby, still new to this.
Leonard: Well, it sounded like you were having a rough day, so i wanted you to come home to something nice.
Penny: Oh, that is so thoughtful.
Leonard: Hey, do you remember when we went wine tasting in Santa Barbara and you said that was you’d ever had?
Penny: Yeah, i remember us driving up there, going to the winery and, that’s it.
Leonard: and this wine is why.
Penny: Oh. Hey, what smells so good?
Leonard: I made your favourite. Pizza bagels.
Penny: Pink wine and pizza bagels? It’s like eighth grade all over again. I am so lucky to have you.
Leonard: Well, now be careful, these are hot. i could explain the thermodynamics of why the cheese seems hotter than the crust, but instead I’m gonna keep it to myself.
Penny: Oh, you always know what not to say. I just, i can’t believe you did all this.
Leonard: Well, you know, It’s easy to take each other for granted and I never want to do that to you, because your love, it’s like a river. It’s peaceful and deep. Your soul is, it’s like a secret that I could never keep.
Penny: You did not just quote an Nsync song.
Leonard: I quoted your favourite Nsync song.
Leonard: Damn. I burped so hard, i died in my game.
Sheldon: Leonard, i’ve been meaning to ask you, what size shoe do you wear? 
Sheldon: I’m trying to take more of an interest in other people’s lives.
Leonard: That’s nice. I wear a size eight and a half.
Sheldon: That’s small. So, tell me, do you have any plans for the weekend?
Leonard: Are you gonna laugh at the answer?
Sheldon: Only if the answer is shopping for baby shoes.
Leonard: If you must know, Penny won a spa weekend from work, and she’s taking me.
Sheldon: Oh, well you know, that is interesting. I wonder what kind of infection you’ll come home with. My money’s on fungal. They’re still having girls night across the hall.
Leonard: So, hang out with me and we’ll have boys’ night.
Sheldon: At our age, why don’t we call it man’s night?
Leonard: Because we just spent our allowance on comic books.
Penny: Hey, can I ask you a question? You’ve been married for a while, is it normal for the husband to kind of completely stop giving a crap?
Penny: Well, Leonard used to do all these things, like bring me flowers and wear pants.
Penny: Well, it’s not just the pants, it’s just, it’s like since we got married he doesn’t really try any more. 
Raj: Yeah, i heard you on the baby monitor. Didn’t think you could think you could turn the theme from Walking Dead into a lullaby. 
Howard: Yeah, got to get her hooked on TV or someday she’ll want me to play outside. Boy, that floor is so squeaky. I’m surprised I didn’t wake her up walking out of the room.
Howard: Well, i put the rug down. It didn’t help.
Raj: I know. Blue shag, what were you thinking?
Howard: Did try nailing a couple of the boards down.
Howard: Yeah, it left little holes in the floor, that’s why I bought the rug. 
Sheldon: If you do that, i’ll win in eight moves. I’ll win in five moves. I’ll win in one move.
Sheldon: Oh, Penny, I’m trying to take an interest in other people. Uh, how was your girls’ night?
Sheldon: Hmm. Did you have anything to eat?
Penny: Uh, chips.
Sheldon: Anything to drink?
Penny: Some wine.
Sheldon: Well, I’m just playing tennis against the drapes here.
Leonard: Just ignore him.
Penny: Hm. At least he took an interest. 
Leonard: What’s that supposed to mean?
Leonard: Well, hey, come on, just tell me.
Penny: Fine. Lately I kind of feel like you’ve been taking me for granted.
Sheldon: Leonard, she might be drunk. All she had was chips.
Penny: It’s just, since we got married you seem to think you don’t have to try any more.
Leonard: That is ridiculous. 
Penny: This is exactly why I didn’t want to talk about it.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, let’s talk about it. I’m the one who’s made all the effort in this relationship since day one. Please tell me what more I could do?
Penny: Okay, you know what? Maybe I’ll take Amy with me to the spa this weekend instead.
Sheldon: Amy is free. She had a harp lesson on Saturday but it got cancelled. Boy, when you take an interest in people, you really uncork a geyser of nonsense. 
Howard: That sounds expensive.
Raj: Hang on. No offence to her father, but he’s not an MIT trained engineer. Thinking and building is what you do.
Howard: MIT’s motto is mind and hand, which just so happens was also my motto as a lonely teenager.
Raj: Oh come on, we just need to be more creative. What if you didn’t step on the floor at all? Like, what if you swung on a rope from the ceiling?
Raj: Okay, um, okay, what if you rig up a pulley system and move yourself across the room in a harness?
Sheldon: And if they have any of those tiny bottles of shampoo?
Sheldon: You know what? I feel uncomfortable engaging in a public display of affection while their relationship is strained.
Sheldon: Well, if x equals the amount that you’ll miss me, then I’ll miss you x plus one.
Sheldon: Here. You’re sad, so I made you tea.
Sheldon: And it’s just the way you like it.
Sheldon: Good Lord, I made you tea, just drink it.
Sheldon: Well, what can we do to cheer you up?
Sheldon: You want to play Jenga? Or, uh, Ticket to Ride? Hearthstone? What would you be the happiest losing at?
Leonard: I don’t want to play a game, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Wow, and I remember when you loved playing games with me. Maybe Penny isn’t the only relationship you’re phoning in.
Leonard: Its not that I’d stopped trying, its just how relationships progress. They start with infatuation, but over time mellow into something more comfortable.
Sheldon: Hmm. Yeah, you’re right. It’s like when I first encountered the Pythagorean theorem. You know, I was blown away that the square of the hypotenuse was the sum of the squares of the opposite sides. But now I’m just like, eh.
Howard: Okay, this grid represents the room. All we need to do is plot out where each squeak is, and we can find a quiet path to the crib.
Raj: It looks like a map from Dungeons and Dragons. 
Howard: Mm. Except the creature in the crib is a level-nine poop monster.
Raj: Okay, uh, you check for squeaks, and I will mark them down. 
Howard: Okay, space A3, here we go. It’s squeaking. Mark it.
Raj: It’s nice to think that you grew up in this room and now your daughter’s going to as well.
Howard: Mm. I hope she has the same amount of sex in it I did. None. Next square.
Raj: Why do you bounce with your hands in the air like that?
Howard: It’s a tradition of my people. If I were a rich man, ya ba dibba dibba dibba dibba dibba dibba dum.
Raj: Material Girl needs ot be retired, that is your karaoke song. 
Sheldon: Would you like to play a driving game I invented?
Leonard: Is it about the failing state of my relationship with Penny?
Sheldon: Never mind. You know, Penny went to this spa to be away from you. Are you sure you should be going there?
Leonard: I don’t want to wait two days for us to work this out.
Sheldon: Very well. You got married spur of the moment, I don’t see why your divorce should be any different.
Leonard: I would pull this car over and kick you out, but If Penny dumps me, you’re all I got. 
Penny: When was the last time you got a massage?
Penny: Leonard stood on me once, too, but he was just trying to see the Rose Parade.
Penny: Okay. Leonard, I really appreciate that, but I need a little time to myself.
Leonard: Okay. I don’t get it, you said make an effort, here I am making an effort. 
Sheldon: And that’s how you make effort look effortless.
Penny: All right. Can you please just go and we’ll talk about this tomorrow?
Penny: I’m trying to figure it out.
Sheldon: You know what? If you’d like, I could whip up a quick relationship agreement. Well, I’m at a spa, I might as well do something relaxing. 
Sheldon: Very well. Hey, later we’ll check out the minibar, I’ll show you how Godzilla gets drunk.
Howard: So, what we did was map out the entire room to identify every squeak. Watch. It’s easy,
Raj: Don’t do that in socks, I almost broke my neck.
Howard: Then simply sit, spin, stand, stretch, maybe in looser pants, then step, grab, tiny pivot, pull, and you’re there. Easy peasy, mac and… you get the idea.
Raj: Hold on, I don’t think she was impressed.
Howard: Bigger problems, I felt something pop. 
Sheldon: There’s a cucumber in my water.
Sheldon: Do they know it’s there? I mean, should I tell somebody? 
Sheldon: Interesting. The world’s most boring liquid and the world’s most boring vegetable, but you put ’em together and bleugh. 
Sheldon: Oh good, you’re here. Are you still fighting? If you get divorced, do I get two Christmas’s?
Penny: We’re not getting divorced.
Leonard: Listen, we realized, that, uh, we’re facing some new challenges as a married couple.
Penny: Yeah. And there are a few things we need to stay on top of. So we thought it would useful, and I can’t believe I’m about to say this, um.
Leonard: Would you please help us make a relationship agreement? But one that’s tailored to us, okay, we don’t need a bathroom schedule. 
Penny: Although a rule about him texting me from in there might help with the romance. 
Sheldon: I get to write a contract? I say, let’s get this party of the first part started.
Sheldon: If you find this draft acceptable, then I believe your new relationship agreement is ready to be signed.
Penny: Article 8, subsection B, Leonard will restrict videogaming in underpants to hours Penny is not home. This includes boxers, briefs, thongs, G-strings or anything else that calls attention to his pasty little thighs.
Leonard: Article 10, subsection C, if questioned Penny may not say that everything is fine if it isn’t. Other unacceptable responses include, it’s nothing, don’t worry about it, and, I said it’s nothing don’t worry about it. 
Sheldon: Oh well, great then, here, you sign here, date here, and Penny, if you could initial here to indicate that you’re accepting Leonard in as is condition.
Sheldon: Mm. You seem to be forgetting the no nostalgia clause.
