Sheldon: It’s not what it looks like. It’s not what it looks like.
Leonard: What are you grinding about?
Sheldon: Penny’s brain teaser this morning. She and Koothrappali emerge from your bedroom. She is dishevelled, and Raj is dressed only in a sheet. The sole clue, it’s not what it looks like.
Leonard: Just let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: If I could, I would, but I can’t, so I shan’t. Now, knowing Penny, the obvious answer is, they engaged in coitus. But, since that’s what it looked like, we can rule that out. Let’s put on our thinking cap, shall we? Raj is from India, a tropical country. Third World hygiene. Parasitic infections are common, such as pinworms. Mm-hmm. The procedure for diagnosing pinworms is to wait until the subject is asleep, and the worms crawl out of the rectum for air. Yes, just like that. Penny could have been inspecting Raj’s anal region for parasites. Oh, boy. That’s a true blue friend.
Leonard: They slept together, Sherlock.
Sheldon: No, you weren’t listening. She said, it’s not what it looks like.
Leonard: She lied.
Sheldon: Oh. Well don’t I look silly sitting here wearing this?
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hey. Leonard, is it awkward for you knowing that one of your dear friends had sexual intercourse with a woman you used to love in the very place you lay your head?
Leonard: No, I’m fine with it.
Sheldon: That sounds like sarcasm, but I’m going to disregard it, because I have an agenda. Paintball. Specifically, the interdepartmental tournament this weekend. Now, in order to function better as a fighting unit, I thought we should establish a chain of command. Now, it goes without saying that I would outrank the three of you, but the question remains, by how much? Now, I don’t see me as some four-star general, back at HQ riding a desk and playing golf with the Secretary of Defence. But I also can’t be Sergeant Cooper, because that might lead you to think of me as just a regular Joe. This might take some thought. As you were.
Leonard: What the hell is wrong with you?
Howard: Yeah, how could you do that?
Raj: What is it to you?
Howard: I got his back.
Raj: Yeah, right. You’re just jealous because it turns out I’m Penny’s number two choice after Leonard.
Howard: Hey, if I wasn’t engaged to Bernadette, that totally could have been me.
Leonard: Please. Sheldon would have been before you, and he might not even have genitals.
Raj: Why do you care so much? You’re dating my sister, and Penny and I are in love.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, if I may interject, I’ve decided my rank will be captain. If it’s good enough for Kirk, Crunch and Kangaroo, it’s good enough for me.
Howard: You’re not in love with Penny.
Raj: Yes, I am. The god Kamadeva has shot us with his flowery arrows of love.
Howard: Who?
Raj: He’s the Hindu version of Cupid, but way better, because he rides a giant parrot.
Leonard: Raj, come on. You fall in love with any girl who smiles at you. A month ago, you were writing poems about his fiancee.
Howard: I’m sorry. What?
Raj: Rubbish. He’s talking rubbish.
Leonard: Oh, Bernadette, please play my clarinet.
Raj: That could have been about anyone. Besides, you have nothing to worry about, because now I’m the dusky half of Koothrapenny.
Sheldon: For the record, I do have genitals. They’re functional and aesthetically pleasing.
Penny: Coming. Yup, that’s good. Wine glasses should have handles.
Amy: Keeping accurate track of your alcohol intake. Smart idea considering how trampy you get when you’ve had a few.
Penny: You heard what I did?
Amy: Well, I heard who you did.
Penny: Oh, my God, I screwed up everything. I hurt Leonard, I hurt Raj, I mean, what is wrong with me? I feel like two totally different people, Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Whore.
Amy: Don’t be so hard on yourself. Do you know the story of Catherine the Great?
Penny: No.
Amy: She ruled Russia in the late seventeen hundreds, and one night, when she was feeling particularly randy, she used an intricate system of pulleys to have intimate relations with a horse.
Penny: I’m… I’m sorry. What does this have to do with me?
Amy: She engaged in interspecies hanky-panky, and people still call her great. I’m sure your reputation can survive you shagging a little Indian boy.
Bernadette: You jerk face! What did you tell Howard? Did you say there was something going on between us? Because he thinks there is. He’s completely freaking out!
Raj: Please, come in.
Bernadette: What the hell is wrong with you?
Raj: Well, you were always so nice to me, I thought maybe you liked me.
Bernadette: I’m nice to everyone.
Raj: I’m sorry.
Bernadette: Damn right, you’re sorry. And you tell Howard there’s never been anything between us.
Raj: I will. Hey, Bernadette?
Bernadette: What?!
Raj: Do you think I have a shot with Penny?
Bernadette: Of course you do. You’re a cutie pie. Any girl would be lucky to have you.
Penny: You know, I’ve done this before. In kindergarten, I was supposed to marry Jason Sorensen at recess, but by the time my class got out there, he was already engaged to Chelsea Himmelfarb. So what did I do? Hung upside down from the monkey bars, let all the boys see my underpants.
Amy: You can’t blame yourself. When your prefrontal cortex fails to make you happy, promiscuity rewards you with the needed flood of dopamine. We neurobiologists refer to this as the skank reflex.
Penny: You know what? Let’s get out of here.
Amy: Where are we going?
Penny: Somewhere where no one’s seen me naked. We may have to drive awhile. 
Sheldon: Subtlety isn’t her strong suit, is it?
Penny: Can I stay at your place for a few nights?
Amy: Really? A best friend sleepover? Yay.
Penny: Yeah, sure. Yay!
Amy: We’ll make popcorn, stay up all night and I’ll teach you my secret language, Op.
Penny: Sounds great.
Amy: Nope. Sounds Gop Rop E A Top.
Penny: Yeah, I’m gonna go pack a bag.
Amy: No, you’re not. You’re gonna Pop A Cop Kop A Bop A Gop.
Leonard: Do we really have to wear this camouflage crap to play paintball?
Sheldon: Who said that? Leonard, I can hear your voice, but I can’t see you.
Leonard: I’m not in the mood, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, there you are. Leonard, I know you’re upset about recent events, and I have someone here to help. 
Leonard: I don’t want to talk to Amy.
Sheldon: No, it’s not Amy.
Leonard: You called my mother?
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, is it really necessary to caption the obvious?
Leonard: What’s going on? What do you want?
Leonard: That’s so nice.
Leonard: Well, uh, okay, um, I don’t want to get back together with Penny. We tried it, it was crazy, it didn’t work, but I can’t deal with the fact that she slept with my friend Raj. And then I find out that Raj’s sister Priya, who I’ve been going out with for eight months, is moving back to India. So I’m just completely confused and alone.
Leonard: Got any advice?
Leonard: Excuse me. You’re a world-renowned expert in parenting and child development, and all you’ve got is buck up?
Leonard: Thanks, Mother. I feel much better.
Amy: Ninety-nine, one hundred. It’s like a waterfall of liquid gold. My turn.
Penny: You know, I don’t even know what the point of me staying in L.A. is. I haven’t gotten a single acting job since I moved out here. The closest I came was last month, I got a callback for a hemorrhoid commercial.
Amy: Oh, I could so see you being the face of haemorrhoids.
Penny: I know, right? Maybe I should just move back to Nebraska.
Amy: No, I can’t let you do that.
Penny: Why not? 
Amy: For the first time ever, I have a thriving social life. And no pressure, but it kind of lives and dies with you.
Raj: Hi, Amy. Can I talk to Penny?
Amy: A guest in my trundle bed and a boy at my door? I wish I could tell 13-year-old me it does get better.
Penny: How did you know I was here?
Raj: It’s all over her Facebook page.
Amy: I’ll take your stuff to the bedroom and clear out a drawer.
Penny: Thanks.
Amy: No problem. Try and keep it in your pants, okay?
Penny: So, hi. What’s up?
Raj: I was wondering if you’re free Friday. They’re having a Totally ’80s Night at the Greek. Hall & Oates, Katrina and the Waves and three-fifths of Kajagoogoo.
Penny: Oh. Gee, that’s really sweet, but the thing is…
Raj: Aw, there’s a thing.
Penny: Look, honey, I was really drunk and made a huge mistake last night. We should’ve never slept together. It’s what ruins friendships.
Raj: You can’t ruin a friendship with sex. That’s like trying to ruin ice cream with chocolate sprinkles.
Penny: Come here. Just listen to me. I want to go back to the way we were before. You know, friends. No sprinkles.
Raj: Oh. All right.
Penny: Thank you.
Raj: Well, uh, as your friend, you might like to know that, um, we didn’t have sex in the conventional sense.
Penny: Oh, God. Did you pull some weird Indian crap on me?
Raj: No, no. After we got undressed and jumped in bed, you, you asked if I had protection.
Penny: Oh, you did, didn’t you?
Raj: Of course. I’m always packing. Anyway, um, I had trouble putting it on and you tried to help and, that was all she wrote.
Penny: So, we didn’t actually…
Raj: I did. It was beautiful.
Penny: Oh!
Raj: Penny, please, please promise me you won’t tell anybody about this.
Penny: Of course I won’t. No, I won’t.
Raj: Oh, good. Um, can I tell people that our love burned too bright and too quickly? Kind of a Candle in the Wind deal?
Penny: Sure.
Raj: Cool. Can I say it fell apart because you were all, I want to have your babies, and I was like, I’m too rock and roll to be tied down?
Penny: No.
Raj: Can I say I ruined you for white men?
Penny: Also no.
Raj: Okay, just the candle thing.
Penny: Yeah.
Raj: Cool. All right friend.
Penny: Hmm.
Raj: I’ll see you around.
Penny: Okay. Raj, wait. Thank you for being my friend. 
Raj: Penny?
Penny: Mm-hmm?
Raj: It’s getting beautiful again.
Sheldon: All right, this is a Google Earth view of the field of battle.
Howard: I don’t see anything.
Sheldon: Give it a second to load. Whenever you’re ready, AT&T! Okay, here we go. This is us here. To the south is Professor Loomis and the Geology Department. According to their Twitter feed, they’re out of sunblock, which means they’ll have to hug the tree line or risk melanoma. That’s our edge. All we have to do is move quickly over this ridge, the rock-worshipping pasty-faced bastards won’t know what hit them. All right, let’s move out.
Leonard: Hang on, Sheldon. How could you not tell me your sister was moving back to India?
Howard: Maybe he was too busy writing clumsy penis metaphors about my fiancee.
Raj: Screw you. That was a beautifully written penis metaphor.
Leonard: You know what, guys, I’m not in the mood for paintball. What do you say we just bag it?
Howard: Fine with me.
Raj: Sure, whatever.
Sheldon: You can’t quit. That’s a court-martial offence. That’s punishable by… You can’t quit.
Leonard: Sorry, Sheldon, it’s just not a good time for playing games.
Sheldon: This is a game to you? Uh, was the Battle of Antietam a game? Huh? Was the sack of Rome a game?
Leonard: Yes, no and no.
Sheldon: Wait. I just want you all to know that I forgive you. This mutiny isn’t your fault, it’s mine. I haven’t earned these bars. Although what I lack in leadership, apparently I more than make up for in sewing.
Howard: Let it go, Sheldon. I’ll get you a Jamba Juice on the way home.
Sheldon: No. Jamba Juice is for heroes. And that’s what we’re going to be.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Following in the footsteps of Kirk, Crunch and Kangaroo. Geology isn’t a real science! 
Howard: Damn those sons of bitches!
Leonard: Let’s get ’em!
Sheldon: If there’s ever a Church of Sheldon, this will be when it started. Ow!
Leonard: I’d like to propose a toast to the man whose noble sacrifice inspired our victory, Captain Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Excuse me. It’s Major Sheldon Cooper. With my last breath, I awarded myself a battlefield promotion. It’s kind of a big deal.
Penny: Hi. You guys have a minute?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, sure.
Penny: Okay. Um. Well, I already talked to Raj, but I wanted to apologize to the rest of you for, you know, everything.
Raj: Please, Penny, let me. We’ve decided to let our crazy, wonderful night together be just one of those memories you have and can call to mind when you’re feeling blue or you’re in the shower.
Penny: Hey, what you doing, Quick Draw?
Raj: Sorry. Go on.
Penny: Anyways, I wanted you guys all to know that I’ve been taking a really hard look at things and come to the conclusion I have to stop kidding myself. I suck at acting. It’s time for me to move back to Nebraska.
Leonard: You’re leaving?
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: What are you going to do in Nebraska?
Penny: I don’t know, maybe teach acting. Oh, sorry. Hold on. Hello?
Leonard: Penny, Penny, listen, I hope you’re not doing this ’cause of you and me, because I have a girlfriend, and you’re a single woman.
Penny: Shh! It’s my agent, it’s my agent. You’re kidding. Oh, my gosh. I can’t believe it! Really? Oh, I’m so excited, thank you, thank you so much. Okay, bye. I got the haemorrhoid commercial! I start Monday.
Sheldon: What about Nebraska?
Penny: Oh, hell with Nebraska. I’m gonna be a star!
Sheldon: Have you ever thought of teaching physics?
Penny: I don’t think so, Mom. Not today.
Penny: You don’t know the half of it.
Penny: Rose-scented Preparation-H for women?
Leonard: I’m proud of you.
Penny: Shh! Here comes my joke.
Penny: Sittin’ pretty.
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Leonard: Oh, uh, Priya’s calling in a few minutes on Skype, and we are gonna have a dinner date.
Sheldon: It’s eight o’clock in the morning in Mumbai. How can she have dinner?
Leonard: Fine, whatever. Priya will be having breakfast.
Sheldon: All right, so technically it’s not a dinner date. I suppose you could call it a, uh, dinfast date. But if you did, you’d open yourself to peer-based mocking, such as, Hey, Leonard, how was your dinfast with Priya last night?
Leonard: That doesn’t sound like mocking.
Sheldon: You didn’t let me finish. Dinfast . Are those soy-based candles?
Leonard: I don’t know. Why?
Sheldon: Paraffin candles may contain carcinogens. Unless lung cancer is the ambiance you were going for at your dinfast. Dinfast .
Leonard: Listen, I don’t want to be rude, but Priya’s gonna be calling any minute, so…
Sheldon: Oh, yes, Priya. Leonard, you know I make a point of never interfering in your personal affairs.
Leonard: Yes, I’ve always admired that about you.
Sheldon: As well you should. But I’m going to make an exception here.
Leonard: Oh, good.
Sheldon: Priya has moved back to India to pursue her law career. Instead of desperately trying to keep this intercontinental relationship alive, you could use that time to take up a hobby.
Leonard: A hobby?
Sheldon: Yes. I read recently about a fellow in Kansas with an enormous ball of twine. I bet you could give him a run for his money.
Leonard: You know, some people might say that it’s great that we’re trying to make things work long distance. They’d say things like, love is stronger than the miles between you.
Sheldon: When I rise to power, those people will be sterilized.
Leonard: You video-chat with Amy all the time. How is this different?
Sheldon: Don’t you like Amy?
Leonard: Of course I like Amy.
Sheldon: Well, there’s the difference. 
Leonard: Excuse me, that’s Priya.
Leonard: Hey, honey.
Leonard: Oh, I miss you, too.
Sheldon: I miss the old days when your romantic partners could be returned to the video store.
Sheldon: Thanks for letting me stay here while Leonard Skypes with his girlfriend.
Penny: Oh, it’s no problem. It’s actually kind of nice. You reading, me reading. We’re like an old married couple.
Sheldon: If we were an old married couple, the wife would serve iced tea and snickerdoodles.
Penny: I don’t have iced tea and snickerdoodles.
Sheldon: A good wife would go to the store.
Penny: I want a divorce.
Sheldon: Good. On the way to see the lawyer, pick up some tea and cookies. I must say, I am enjoying your new chair.
Penny: It’s great, isn’t it?
Sheldon: It is. Aligns the lumbar, cradles the coccyx, balances the buttocks. This is a chair worthy of the name.
Penny: What name?
Sheldon: Chair.
Penny: Oh, all right, well, I’m glad you like it. I mean, I still can’t get over the fact someone just threw it away.
Sheldon: What?
Penny: Yeah, it was just sitting on the street. I paid a homeless guy ten bucks to help me get it up here.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. 
Penny: What is wrong?
Sheldon: I’ve been sitting in garbage!
Penny: Sheldon, take it easy.
Sheldon: You take it easy! I need to use your shower.
Penny: I went into this marriage with so much hope.
Sheldon: There’s a wet Band-Aid on the shower floor. .
Raj: This is fun. I’ve never used a hydraulic thermoforming press before.
Howard: Pretty sweet, huh? This little baby set the university back 175 grand.
Leonard: That’s three minutes. Should we see what we got?
Howard: Hang on.
Raj: Oh, yeah. This is one good-looking panini.
Howard: Hand me the tuna melt.
Leonard: Yep.
Howard: Thank you. How’s it going with the long-distance love affair?
Leonard: Not easy, but we’re making it work.
Howard: When you say making it work, does that include doing the cyber nasty?
Leonard: What?
Howard: You know, the virtual pickle tickle. The digital bow-chicka-bow-bow.
Raj: Come on, dude. This is my sister you’re talking about.
Howard: Hey, Leonard jiggling his junk at her through a webcam has got to be easier for you to deal with than him actually touching her with it.
Leonard: There’s no junk jiggling. We just talk.
Howard: Are you insane? With high-speed Internet, you have at your fingertips the greatest advancement in the field of sex since the invention of the washcloth.
Leonard: I can’t do that.
Howard: Well, if you don’t, you’re gonna lose Priya to some fancy guy in a turban who grew up with Kama Sutra coloring books.
Raj: How can you be so racist?
Howard: Oh, come on, tell me I’m wrong.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, good. There you are. I need you to check my head for chair lice.
Leonard: I did it last night, I’m not doing it again.
Howard: Just his head, right?
Leonard: I don’t want to talk about it. You didn’t catch bugs from Penny’s chair.
Sheldon: Yes, I did. And now they’re cavorting at the base of my hair follicles like dancing hippies at the Redwood National Forest.
Leonard: Sheldon, you do this all the time. You fixate on some crazy idea and then blow it way out of proportion.
Sheldon: Name one time I’ve ever done that.
Leonard: How about when you put GPS trackers in your garbage because you were convinced North Korean spies were stealing your doodles? The chicken nuggets you were sure were human nuggets. The strangely-shaped cloud that was following you around town. The time you put on my shirt by mistake and were convinced you’d started growing again.
Sheldon: I said, name one. You really need to work on your listening skills.
Sheldon: Penny. Penny. Penny.
Penny: Yello.
Sheldon: You need to remove that chair from the building. It’s a health hazard.
Penny: Okay, relax. I took off the slipcovers, had them dry-cleaned and then fumigated the cushions.
Sheldon: Really?
Penny: Yeah. It’s cleaner than my couch. Found half a Hot Pocket in there.
Sheldon: It certainly looks okay. Has a strong toxic chemical smell. That’s reassuring.
Penny: Why don’t you give it a try, Sheldon?
Sheldon: All right. It is a comfortable chair.
Penny: Why don’t you just admit you overreacted?
Sheldon: No, thank you.
Leonard: It’s like living with a Chihuahua.
Sheldon: Penny. Penny. Penny.
Penny: What’s up, buttercup?
Sheldon: You have to get rid of the chair.
Penny: Nope. 
Sheldon: Penny. Penny. Penny.
Penny: What’s the word, hummingbird?
Sheldon: For your safety, please wait in my apartment as I call the authorities so they may remove the chair of death.
Penny: No. 
Sheldon: Penny. Penny. Penny.
Penny: What’s the gist, physicist?
Sheldon: Under my authority as a self-appointed member of the Centres for Disease Control street team, these premises are condemned. As a man with a keen sense of style, I must tell you, that chair does not work with the room. 
Leonard: So, here we are. Back in bed together.
Leonard: Okay, so I, I, I guess I’ll just jump right in.
Leonard: Uh, you’re a naughty girl. And, and, uh, I, I want to punish you with my love?
Leonard: Not good?
Leonard: Okay. Uh, uh, you’re not naughty. Uh, you’re, you’re, you’re dirty. You’re, you’re a, a dirty girl?
Leonard: Yeah, yeah. Uh, okay. You’re a, you’re a, you’re a, a dirty, disgusting, revolting girl. Ugh!
Leonard: Why don’t you just give me five minutes? I’ll Google how to do this. I’ll call you right back.
Leonard: Okay, like usual. Good.
Leonard: All rightie. Shirt coming off. Ta-da! Man nipples.
Leonard: Yes, ma’am.
Leonard: Taking shorts off. There we go. Naked, naked, naked!
Leonard: Cool. Uh-oh!
Leonard: Oh, damn it!
Leonard: No, no! No-no-no! The screen froze. It’s probably just buffering, just give it a second.
Leonard: So, how are your mom and dad?
Leonard: Yeah. Sure, sure.
Sheldon: If your video’s frozen, try resetting the TCP/IP stack.
Leonard: Oh! I didn’t even think of that. Thanks.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Please let me know when you and your girlfriend are done hogging the bandwidth for your self-abuse. I’m trying to stream a movie on Netflix in here.
Amy: Five, six, seven, eight. Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking, and when she passes, each one she passes goes…
Sheldon: Amy. Amy. Amy.
Amy: Oh… You are aware that your ritualistic knocking behaviour is symptomatic of obsessive compulsive disorder?
Sheldon: Is not. Is not, is not.
Amy: Denial. Denial, denial. Come in.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: Would you like to hear me play a bossa nova standard on the harp?
Sheldon: No.
Amy: How about the theme song to the classic television show Diff’rent Strokes? Now the world don’t move to the beat…
Sheldon: No.
Amy: Well, that’s every song I know. What’s up?
Sheldon: You’re good friends with Penny, right?
Amy: Best friends, besties, BFFs, peas in a pod, sisters who would share travelling pants. Go on.
Sheldon: I was hoping she might listen to you about the dangers of owning unhygienic furniture.
Amy: For general educational purposes, or has she acquired a bar stool dipped in cholera?
Sheldon: Cholera is water-borne. You’re mocking me.
Amy: Yes, I am.
Sheldon: Penny has dragged a chair in off the street whose unknown provenance jeopardizes the health and welfare of every resident in our building.
Amy: Sheldon, just because you have a focus on cleanliness bordering on the psychotic doesn’t mean I have to participate.
Sheldon: All right, name your price.
Amy: Kiss me where I’ve never been kissed before.
Sheldon: You mean like Salt Lake City?
Amy: Never mind. I’ll talk to Penny.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: Will you listen to me play my harp now?
Sheldon: No. I dislike the sound of the harp. Its overuse in classic television sitcoms always makes me think I’m going to experience an episode from my past. I’m sorry, Mommy. Don’t be mad at me. Don’t do that!
Leonard: I don’t know about this, Howard.
Howard: What? You’re having trouble with the long-distance lovemaking. This is your answer. There are two interfaces that simulate a human mouth. You have one, Priya has one in India. When you move your lips and tongue on yours, it transmits exactly what you’re doing to hers. See? Internet kissing. Give it a try.
Leonard: I don’t think so.
Raj: I’ll try it. Like this?
Howard: Almost. Really get your tongue in there, to activate the motion sensor.
Raj: Like this?
Howard: Close. Really French it.
Raj: Better?
Howard: Yeah, you got it, you got it.
Raj: I’m impressed. This is very lifelike.
Howard: Whoa! You just bit my tongue!
Raj: I, I nibbled. I was being playful.
Howard: Why do you have to make everything weird?
Raj: Sorry. Better?
Howard: Oh, yeah.
Penny: Pretty cool, huh? Probably would cost, like, two hundred bucks in a store.
Amy: I do appreciate a bargain. This entire ensemble once belonged to my dead grandmother.
Penny: You’re kidding.
Amy: Everything except bra and panties. And they’re a leopard-spotted secret I share with Victoria.
Penny: And now me.
Amy: I just have one question about the chair.
Penny: And what’s that?
Amy: Aren’t you worried about it being unhygienic?
Penny: No, it’s completely fine. Hmm. I get it. Sheldon sent you. He put you up to this.
Amy: No, he didn’t.
Penny: Really?
Amy: Yes, he did. He absolutely did.
Penny: My God, Amy, that’s really crappy of you.
Amy: It is?
Penny: Yeah! Letting Sheldon use you to manipulate me? I thought you were my friend.
Amy: No, I am your friend. Please don’t be mad at me.
Penny: I can’t even believe this. You know, maybe you should just go.
Amy: No, no, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I take it all back. Look. I’m, uh, I’m sitting in your chair. There’s nothing wrong with it. It’s a great chair. Please let me continue to be part of your world. Ow!
Penny: What’s wrong?
Amy: Something in the chair’s biting my tushy. It’s not important. Ow!
Penny: Wait. Get up, get up! Swear you won’t tell Sheldon what happened!
Amy: I swear! Can I tell my doctor? I’m probably gonna need shots!
Penny: Yeah, sure!
Leonard: Oh, hey, babe, I think I figured this thing out.
Leonard: No, you listen. You’re my woman, and I’m gonna make you feel things you have never felt before.
Leonard: That’s right, say my name, and beg me for more, ’cause, I’m gonna give it to you.
Howard: Check it out. Free chair.
Raj: Yeah. Hey, you know, if this was in Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment, I wouldn’t wind up sitting on the floor all the time.
Howard: On three?
Raj: What kind of idiot throws away a terrific chair like this?
Leonard: Who wants the last dumpling?
Penny: Ooh, me.
Sheldon: Penny, a moment. We just had Thai food. In that culture, the last morsel is called the krengjai piece, and it is reserved for the most important and valued member of the group.
Penny: Thank you all for this high honour.
Sheldon: I’ve seen pictures of your mother, keep eating.
Howard: All right, honey, if we’re gonna make the movie, we should go. This may be hard for you to hear, but when I say honey, I mean my fiancée. Yeah, well, now it means her.
Bernadette: It’s okay if he wants to come.
Howard: Fine. But next time, we get a sitter.
Penny: All right, I got to go to work. I’ll walk down with you.
Sheldon: Wait. Uh, which is closer to the new train store in Monrovia, the movie theatre or the Cheesecake Factory?
Howard: Neither of them are close.
Sheldon: Oh, well, then I guess it doesn’t matter which one of you drives me. Let’s play a fun guessing game to see who gets to take me. All right, this four-letter word describes either a printer’s type size or a compulsion to eat dirt.
Penny: Okay, I’m not driving him.
Sheldon: No, Penny, don’t give up, you can get this.
Leonard: Aren’t you going with Sheldon?
Amy: No, I have no interest in model trains, stores that sell them, nor their heartbreaking clientele.
Leonard: Oh. Well, I have some work to do, so…
Amy: I can’t imagine that would disturb me. Carry on.
Leonard: Okay. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable at home?
Amy: Not really, no.
Leonard: All righty then. Guess I’ll just get started.
Amy: Leonard, please. I don’t need the running commentary.
Leonard: Amy?
Amy: Yo.
Leonard: You okay?
Amy: Oh, sure.
Leonard: I thought you were reading.
Amy: I was. Now I’m thinking about what I read. You all right, Leonard? You seem very uncomfortable.
Leonard: I, I’m fine.
Amy: Should I go? I’ve been told sometimes I overstay my welcome.
Leonard: What, who told you that?
Amy: Well, most recently my gynaecologist.
Leonard: Well, you stay as long as you’d like.
Amy: I’m glad to hear you say that, because I’m having a wonderful time. Hmm, I said the same thing to my gynaecologist.
Bernadette: What are you going to get at the train store, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m not buying anything. They’re having a lecture. H-O gauge railroading. Half the size of O-gauge, but twice the fun. Very controversial topic.
Howard: Which side do you come down on?
Sheldon: I’ll let you know after tonight. Unlike some people, I’m going in with an open mind. Who am I kidding? Of course we all know it’s O-gauge or no gauge.
Howard: Can you believe grown men sit around and play with toy trains?
Bernadette: That’s pretty big talk for a man with a closet full of magic tricks at his mother’s house.
Howard: First of all, they’re not tricks, they’re illusions. And, secondly, when we get married, they’re all going up in the attic so you can have that closet for clothes.
Bernadette: Why would I keep clothes at your mother’s house?
Howard: Well, don’t think of it that way. Once we move in, it’ll be our house.
Bernadette: Is she moving out?
Howard: Why would she move out? It’s her house.
Bernadette: Hang on. You seriously think I’m going to live with your mother?
Sheldon: Howard, I think I can help here. Yes, Bernadette, that’s exactly what he thinks.
Howard: Why not? It’s a great house, plenty of room, and if we have kids, Mom’s there to help. You know, when she tells the Three Little Pigs story, she actually has hair on her chinny-chin-chin.
Bernadette: I’m not gonna live with your mother. Not now, not ever.
Howard: Wow, someone obviously has some mommy issues.
Bernadette: Raj, take me home.
Howard: Don’t listen to her. Go to the movie theatre.
Bernadette: Take me home now.
Howard: Movie theatre.
Raj: Mmmmmm.
Sheldon: Okay, everybody calm down. There is a simple solution here. Raj, take me to the train store, and then I don’t care what you people do.
Amy: How was your shower?
Leonard: It was good, good. Just out of curiosity, what time do you usually go to bed?
Amy: Oh, I’m up all night. I’m like a possum. Boy, you were not liked in high school, were you?
Leonard: Not really. Is that my yearbook?
Amy: Mm-hmm. Dear Leonard, you’re really good at science. Maybe one day you’ll come up with a cure for being a dork.
Leonard: Well, it wasn’t spray-painting a lightning bolt on my briefcase, I can tell you that.
Amy: If it makes you feel any better, the only person who signed my yearbook was my mother.
Leonard: Aw.
Amy: Dear Amy, self-respect and a hymen are better than friends and fun. Love, Mom.
Sheldon: Well, you can add Jerry’s Junction to the list of train stores Sheldon Cooper will never set foot in again.
Leonard: Rough night, Casey Jones?
Sheldon: You don’t know the half of it. It was billed as a lively give-and-take on the merits of model train sizes. But it was actually a set-up to intimidate weak-minded spineless rubes into buying H-O starter sets.
Leonard: What’s in the bag?
Sheldon: I don’t want to talk about it. But it’s not a spine,I’ll tell you that.
Amy: Well, I had a delightful evening, Leonard. We should do this again sometime.
Leonard: Ah, sure. That’d be nice.
Amy: Glad to hear it. I need someone to accompany me to the wedding of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustufson this Friday. They’re kind of the Brad and Angelina of the primatology department.
Leonard: Wouldn’t you rather bring Sheldon?
Amy: I would, but the last wedding we went to was a disaster. He behaved like a child the entire time.
Sheldon: Not my fault. You said there’d be other scientists there my age.
Amy: Doesn’t matter. You’re out, he’s in. No date to the prom, two dates to a wedding. Hmm, how times change.
Sheldon: Ha-ha, you have to go to a wedding.
Howard: I’ll get it!
Howard: I said I’m getting it!
Howard: I got it! Oh, hi.
Bernadette: Hey. I don’t want to fight. I was just surprised when you sprung the whole living-with-your-mom stuff on me.
Howard: Yeah, well, I’m sorry I didn’t run it by you first.
Howard: The bugs only come here because you’re their queen! Listen, how about this. Before we make any kind of decision about where we live, we have a trial run. Stay here for a weekend, see what it’s like.
Bernadette: And your mom would be okay with that?
Howard: Sure she would. Ma, do you mind if Bernadette stays here this weekend?
Howard: See? She’s good with it.
Sheldon: All this years, I’ve been so wrong. The tinier the train, the more concentrated the fun.
Penny: You’re a brain scientist. Can you explain to me why a brilliant man likes playing with toy trains?
Amy: Not without cutting his head open, no. How about making my eyes like Cleopatra?
Penny: Really? For a wedding?
Amy: Perhaps you’re right. My cheekbones and beckoning pelvis already have a certain hello sailor quality to them.
Leonard: Ready.
Penny: Aw. So handsome. Like James Bond.
Sheldon: Better than James Bond, because he’s tinier.
Amy: I got you this to give to me.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, guests don’t normally wear corsages to a wedding. That’s more of a prom thing.
Amy: I never went to my prom. My mom paid my cousin to take me, but he just used the money to buy drugs.
Penny: Put the corsage on her.
Leonard: Amy, this is for you.
Amy: When you’re done copping a feel, that goes on my wrist.
Sheldon: All aboard! Woo-woo! It’s official. I’m an H-O trainiac.
Howard: So, dinner went nice.
Bernadette: Yeah. Yeah, I guess. Does your mother always cut your meat for you?
Howard: Only when it’s fatty. Well, don’t be jealous, babe. Someday you’ll get to cut it for me.
Bernadette: I’m okay, Mrs. Wolowitz.
Howard: Hey, Ma, how about a little privacy?
Bernadette: Oh, God.
Howard: Relax, it’ll be fine.
Bernadette: Okay.
Amy: Would you like to dance?
Leonard: No, thank you. I’m really not much of a dancer.
Amy: You’re not exactly winning any trophies as a conversationalist, either.
Leonard: I’m sorry. The bride and groom seem happy.
Amy: Why shouldn’t they be? They have a feverish night of socially-approved copulation ahead of them. In some cultures, we’d stand outside of their bedroom cheering as they achieved orgasm.
Leonard: That sounds like a late night, and I have work in the morning, so…
Amy: Leonard, you may not have noticed, but I am being a delight here. And you’re not holding up your end of the evening.
Leonard: Oh, sorry. This wedding just reminds me of my kinda-sorta girlfriend 9,000 miles away.
Amy: I have a kinda-sorta boyfriend who’s playing with a model train right now, you don’t hear me bitching about it. Leonard, a word of advice, moody self-obsession is only attractive in men who can play guitar and are considerably taller than you.
Leonard: I’m not moody. I’m fun.
Amy: You have any evidence to support that statement?
Leonard: Well, hey, I’m just as much fun as you are.
Amy: Really? Are you willing to draw a moustache on your finger as a conversational icebreaker? I am.
Leonard: Okay, fine, what do you suggest?
Amy: We just had a lovely meal, the band is on fire, and you’re sitting next to a beautiful woman wearing whorish makeup. Why don’t we head outon the dance floor and see if I can sweat through these dress shields.
Leonard: Once again, I, I’m really not much of a dancer.
Amy: Don’t worry, I’ll lead. 
Amy: Howard?
Howard: Ready for bed?
Bernadette: No. I need to brush my teeth, but your mother’s been in the bathroom for, like, an hour.
Howard: Oh. Yeah, she sometimes has problems doing her business. Hang on. Ma, give up! Tonight’s not your night!
Howard: Come on, take a break! Bernadette needs to brush her teeth!
Howard: Problem solved.
Bernadette: No, it’s not. I’m not going in there.
Howard: Oh, come on, honey. She’s just sitting in there reading a magazine. You can’t see anything. I go in all the time.
Howard: And we have splashdown. Wait here, I’m gonna go light a candle. And then we make passionate love.
Amy: There we go, last floor.
Leonard: I just can’t figure out what happened. I put my left leg in, I took my left leg out, I put my left leg in, and something just snapped.
Amy: The hokey pokey is a young man’s game.
Leonard: I did have a great time. Thank you for reminding me it’s okay to have fun once in a while.
Amy: You’re welcome.
Leonard: And also for breaking the head off the ice swan so I could hold it against my pulled groin.
Amy: I excel at spatial reasoning, and I had a hunch that the graceful slope of its neck would cradle your genitals nicely.
Leonard: Well, okay. Again, thank you.
Amy: And again, you’re welcome.
Leonard: Want to come in, have a cup of tea?
Amy: No, thanks. I’m gonna head home.
Leonard: Okay. Well, good night.
Amy: Good night. 
Penny: Ames, hi. How was the wedding?
Amy: Great. Until I accidentally made Leonard fall in love with me.
Penny: Come in, let’s talk. Do you want a glass of wine?
Amy: Wine is one of the reasons I’m in this fix. That and this dang pelvis.
Penny: Okay, I’m sorry, what exactly happened?
Amy: The inevitable, he was lonely and vulnerable from missing his girlfriend, while I was charming, supportive and, let’s face it, in this dress, the perfect combination of Madonna and whore.
Penny: Oh, God, did he make a move on you?
Amy: No, but it’s only a matter of time. How could I have not seen this coming? Now I’m gonna have to break the little sad sack’s heart.
Penny: Yeah, I’m sure he’ll be okay.
Amy: Oh, Penny, much as I would treasure knowing that the two of us had been defiled by the same man, Leonard just doesn’t get my motor running.
Penny: So, um, what are you gonna do? Do you want me to talk to Leonard, let him down easy?
Amy: No. I’ll let him have tonight. Then in the morning, I’ll send him an e-mail letting him know this body is never gonna be his wonderland. I mean, frankly, you’ve got a better shot than he does.
Sheldon: Leonard. Check it out. I bought an N-gauge locomotive. Half the size of H-O. Look, it fits in my mouth.
Leonard: Sounds like you had a great night.
Sheldon: I did. How was yours?
Leonard: Not bad. I had a lot more fun with Amy than I thought I would.
Sheldon: What exactly do you mean by that?
Leonard: Well, it turns out she really knows how to help a guy loosen up and have a good time. Although, truth be told, my groin’s a little worse for wear. Ow! Why did you do that?
Sheldon: To send a message. She is not for you.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Not for you!
Bernadette: Good morning, handsome.
Howard: Morning, Mom.
Bernadette: It’s me.
Howard: Yes, it is, and you’re so pretty in the morning.
Bernadette: Your mom and I made you breakfast.
Howard: Oh, wow. So you guys are getting along?
Bernadette: Yeah, I guess. We’re very different people, Howard, so communication’s a little tricky.
Bernadette: He didn’t try them yet!
Howard: Is there any butter?
Bernadette: It’s butter-flavoured syrup.
Howard: Oh.
Bernadette: He wants butter!
Bernadette: I just told him that!
Howard: I don’t need any butter.
Bernadette: If you want butter, I’ll get you butter.
Howard: Well, I guess I’ll cut these by myself.
Sheldon: The entrance to the dungeon is a moss covered door. You manage to open it only to find yourself face-to-face with a hideous, foul-smelling, moss-covered ogre. What do you do?
Howard: I say, hey Ma, what’s for dinner?”
Sheldon: Seventeen. The ogre is amused by your joke and allows you to pass. By the by, I liked it, too.
Leonard: Hey, how go the wedding plans, Howard?
Howard: Great. We spent five hours last night at Macy’s registering for gifts. Looks like I’m finally going to have that darling little earthenware asparagus dish I’ve always wanted.
Leonard: See, this is the good thing about having a girlfriend 9,000 miles away. I can spend my nights doing whatever I want.
Howard: You mean like playing nerd games with us and then taking a suspiciously long shower?
Leonard: Maybe. We enter the dungeon.
Sheldon: You see a dragon.
Howard: Really? So we’re playing Dungeons and Dragons, and we walk into a dungeon and see a dragon? Isn’t that a little on the nose?
Sheldon: When you play Chutes and Ladders, do you complain about all the chutes and all the ladders?
Leonard: Are you gonna eat that whole pie?
Raj: Maybe. Why not? Who do I have in my life to watch my figure for?
Leonard: Oh, God, did you watch Bridget Jones again?
Raj: No, it’s just that everybody’s got someone. Sheldon’s with Amy, Howard’s getting married, you’re dating my sister.
Leonard: Now that Howard’s getting married, maybe he’ll inflate one of his old girlfriends for you.
Raj: You know who I blame for my loneliness? The United States of America. Your movies and your TV shows promised streets paved with beautiful blonde women with big bazongas.
Howard: Eat another pie, you’ll have your own bazongas.
Raj: That’s cruel. You know it goes straight to my hips.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, please focus. You’re facing a fire-breathing dragon.
Raj: I don’t know if I want to play anymore.
Sheldon: Because you don’t have a girlfriend? Well, good Lord, if that becomes a reason not to play Dungeons and Dragons, this game’s in serious trouble.
Amy: Now, I assume we use this same wax later on to neaten up each other’s bikini regions.
Penny: Yeah, my bikini region is fine.
Amy: Who’s shocked? I’m not. So, Bernadette, how’s the wedding planning going? And I’m not asking as a prospective bridesmaid. Pick me! Pick me!
Bernadette: We went cake-tasting yesterday. Raj came along. He cried and ate half the samples.
Penny: Oh, the poor guy’s so lonely. We should set him up with someone.
Bernadette: You know, I met a really cute girl at work. She’s married to a guy in one of our drug trials.
Penny: Well, hello? She’s married.
Bernadette: Yeah, but her husband is in serious congestive heart failure, and a little birdie told me he’s in the placebo group.
Penny: Okay, so future grief-stricken widow is the one to beat.
Leonard: Are we ready to order?
Sheldon: One moment. I’m conducting an experiment.
Howard: With Dungeons and Dragons dice?
Sheldon: Yes. From here on in, I’ve decided to make all trivial decisions with a throw of the dice, thus freeing up my mind to do what it does best, enlighten and amaze. Page 14, item seven.
Howard: So, what’s for dinner?
Sheldon: A side of corn succotash. Hmm. Interesting.
Penny: Um, Howard, can I see you for a minute, please?
Howard: Uh, I don’t want to show any more of your friends how I can fit in the booster seats.
Penny: Uh, no, that’s not it. Just come with me, please.
Sheldon: Let’s see what I’ll be washing that succotash down with. A pitcher of margaritas.
Leonard: Do you really want that?
Sheldon: That’s the great thing. It doesn’t matter. My mind is freed up to think about more important things.
Raj: What’s it thinking about now?
Sheldon: Hamburgers and lemonade.
Penny: Um, Raj, there’s someone I want you to meet. This is my friend Emily. I know her from my spin class. Raj, relax. She can’t hear you. She’s deaf.
Howard: Emily, this is our friend Raj.
Penny: Oh! Look at you guys just hitting it off. I am so good.
Raj: Hi.
Howard: She says it’s nice to meet you.
Raj: Does she really mean that or was she signing it sarcastically?
Howard: Raj says it’s nice to meet you, too. She says she has to go back to her family, but Penny has her number if you want to text her and get together.
Raj: Okay, I’m going to play it cool. Tell her, maybe. Whatever, babe.
Howard: He’ll text you.
Raj: Ah, look at that. I have a date. I love America again.
Sheldon: And now for dessert, come on, hot fudge sundae, come on, hot fudge sundae. Bam! That’s what I’m talking about!
Raj: Okay, as soon as she gets here, so she knows I’m cool with it, I’m going to make a joke about her being deaf. I was thinking, hey, did you hear the one about…? Oh, no, I bet you didn’t.
Howard: Maybe we should revisit your lonely fat guy plan.
Raj: Oh, she’s here.
Howard: No joke. Oh, she says she’s sorry she’s late.
Raj: Tell her it doesn’t matter. Tell her, her eyes shimmer like opalescent lilies in the lake of the palace of the celestial maidens.
Howard: Really? That’s the first thing you want to say?
Raj: I worked on it all night. Use it.
Howard: Look, I don’t know the sign for opalescent.
Raj: Then spell it.
Howard: I don’t know how to spell it.
Raj: You’re blowing this for me!
Howard: He likes your eyes.
Raj: You’re making me sound like a caveman.
Howard: She says, thank you, you have nice eyes, too.”
Raj: Really? Ask her how many children she wants, and whatever number she says, say, me too.
Howard: No.
Raj: Fine. Tell her I have a deep, sexy voice like James Earl Jones.
Howard: She doesn’t know what James Earl Jones sounds like.
Raj: Great. Then she won’t know I’m lying.
Raj: Let’s see, what else can I tell you about me that would make you like me? Ooh, I love music. Do you love music?
Howard: You really want to ask her that?
Raj: You’re right. Everyone loves music.
Howard: She says, do you play an instrument?
Raj: No, but when I was six years old, I tried to start a boy band called Frankie Goes to Bollywood. But I couldn’t get any other boys to join, so my parents asked the servants to be my backup dancers. Wait, when you sign servants, don’t sign it like I’m bragging. Sign it in a way that I sound humble with just a hint of, that’s right, I had servants.
Howard: Do you hear yourself
Raj: Yes, but she doesn’t. So get signing, hand monkey.
Howard: I think I wrote a letter to Santa Claus every day. And then on Christmas morning, under the tree is a little puppy with a red ribbon.
Raj: What are you doing?
Howard: Texting Bernadette that I’m gonna be late.
Raj: Dude, what is she saying?
Howard: It’s a funny story about a puppy. Just smile and laugh. Quick, quick, stop smiling.
Raj: What? Why?
Howard: The puppy died, it choked on a doll head. Sad face, sad face!
Raj: It’s a little hard to see with the city lights, but that W-shaped constellation is Cassiopeia. And she was the mother of Andromeda who’s over there.
Howard: Look, pretty stars. This is her car. She hopes she can see you again sometime.
Raj: Good, good. Oh, boy, help me out here. Does she want me to kiss her or not?
Howard: I speak sign language, I don’t read minds.
Raj: If you were me, would you kiss her?
Howard: Yeah, but I’m a make out king. 
Raj: I was so smooth on that date.
Howard: You? I made you smooth. You were an idiot.
Raj: Whatever, dude. She kissed me.
Howard: It might’ve been on your lips, but it was my kiss.
Raj: Oh, fine. Let’s agree she kissed both of us.
Howard: Okay.
Penny: Mustache is looking good there, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Don’t thank me. Thank the dice. They told me what percentage of my face to shave.
Howard: Why are you still doing this?
Sheldon: Because it’s working. In the past few weeks, unburdened by trivial decisions, I’ve co-authored two papers in notable peer-reviewed journals, and I’m close to figuring out why the Large Hadron Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs boson particle.
Leonard: You left out, got chafed testicles because you no longer wear underpants.
Sheldon: The dice giveth and the dice taketh away.
Penny: Is Raj out with Emily again?
Leonard: Yeah, every night for the last month.
Penny: Wow, can’t believe he has a girlfriend.
Sheldon: Me neither.
Howard: Here’s some other fun news on the Raj/Emily front. He gave her a pair of diamond earrings and leased her a car.
Penny: You’re kidding.
Leonard: You think she’s taking advantage of him?
Penny: Oh, of course not. She wouldn’t do something like that. She’s deaf.
Leonard: Deaf women can’t be gold diggers?
Penny: Handicapped people are nice, Leonard. Everyone knows that.
Sheldon: Yeah, I actually have information about Raj that would be helpful with this discussion.
Leonard: Could you tell us?
Sheldon: Let’s see. Snake eyes. Sorry, bud.
Penny: Wait, hang on. Doubles. Roll again.
Sheldon: Okay, get this. It doesn’t matter if he’s showering her with gifts, because the Koothrappalis are vastly wealthy.
Penny: What do you mean, vastly wealthy?
Sheldon: Well, wealthy means a lot of money, and vastly means even more. I’m not sure what’s tripping you up.
Leonard: Look, I know they have money. I don’t think it’s that much.
Sheldon: No, you’re wrong. See, as you know, a few years ago, I achieved one of my lesser dreams and became a notary public. Well, from time to time, I notarize banking documents for Raj. The Koothrappalis aren’t just rich, they’re Richie Rich rich.
Penny: Well, so how much is that?
Sheldon: About halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck.
Howard: What the hell? The last time we went to the zoo, that son of a bitch made me buy him a churro.
Leonard: Listen, guys, I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be rude, but I need to go call Raj’s sister, who I love so much. So vastly much.
Penny: Okay, so he’s got money, and it’s a few gifts and a car.
Howard: And she got him to pay off all her credit cards.
Penny: What? He paid off her credit cards? Damn it, I could’ve dated Raj for a couple months. But I, I wouldn’t have, because I’m not that kind of girl. We should really talk to Raj.
Howard: He’s not going to listen, he’s in love.
Sheldon: Can’t figure out what to do? I remember those days. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to… stay right here.
Howard: Yeah, this is a bad idea. We should go.
Penny: No. I’m the one that introduced him to her. I’ve got to say something.
Howard: Wow.
Penny: You’re engaged to my friend.
Howard: Hey, Bernadette doesn’t mind where I get my motor running, as long as I park in the right garage.
Penny: I can’t believe you’re engaged to my friend. Oh, here she comes.
Howard: Smart. Whisper so the deaf chick can’t hear you.
Penny: Hi.
Howard: Oh, hey, hi. Nice to see you.
Penny: Um, can we talk to you about Raj?
Howard: She says, sure, what about him?
Penny: Okay, um, gosh, how do I start? Um, see, Raj is kind of naive. I mean, he hasn’t dated a whole lot of women. And I’m concerned that, without meaning to, you might be taking advantage of him. You know, by letting him buy you a bunch of expensive things.And I.. I… Howard, focus. Tell her what I’m saying.
Howard: Right. Are you a gold digger or not? Oh, uh, something, something, who the something do you think you are? Mind your own something business and go something yourself. Oh, wait, I got this now.
Raj: I’m so mad at you!
Penny: Okay, wait…
Raj: How dare you ambush my girlfriend at the gym!
Penny: We didn’t mean for it to be an ambush. Just, it’s kind of impossible not to sneak up on deaf people. And hey, since when are you so chatty?
Raj: I’m hammered.
Penny: Raj, come here. This girl is trouble. I mean, what kind of relationship is it where you buy her gifts and she gives you sex?
Raj: The best one I ever had!
Penny: Okay, come on. You know you can do better.
Raj: Aha. I see what’s going on here. You and I had our crazy night together, and now you can’t stand to see me with another woman.
Penny: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Raj: It’s okay. I can’t get mad at your feelings.
Penny: I don’t have feelings.
Raj: Yeah, that’s good. Keep telling yourself that. 
Penny: He is cuter now that I know he’s rich.
Raj: I have a surprise for you. Cover your eyes. Open them. It’s a real ruby. It was a little expensive, but no one can put a price on love. Although, the people at Cartier took a pretty good shot at it. Oh, Mummy, Daddy. What a nice surprise.
Raj: Penny?
Raj: I just got her a couple of things. She gives me things, too.
Raj: What? You’re going to make me choose between the woman I love and the money I have very strong feelings for?
Raj: Well, I choose love.
Raj: My parents are making me choose between money and you. I choose you. No, I think we’ll have to return the car. And that necklace, yeah, that, too. But none of those things matter, because we have something better. We have love.
Raj: Oh, Penny, I hurt so bad.
Penny: I know, I know.
Raj: Sometimes I put the TV on mute just to pretend she’s still with me. But I can’t watch the closed captioning without crying.
Penny: Oh, I’m so sorry. I wish I could make you feel better.
Raj: Seriously? I’m heartbroken and you’re hitting on me?
Penny: What? No!
Raj: Look, Penny, you’re great, but I had a long talk with my parents, and they said if I date an Indian girl, I get a Maserati.
Raj: Mmm. Oh, cheesecake, you’re just as good as a woman, even though I can’t have sex with you.
Howard: Try throwing it in the microwave for a few seconds.
Sheldon: Should I use the rest room or wait until we get home? Come on, papa needs to void his bladder. Oh, that’s not what you want to see after three buttermilks.
Penny: Here you go, boys. I’ll pick it up when you’re ready.
Howard: Thanks for dinner, buddy.
Leonard: Yeah, real big of you.
Sheldon: Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Penny: Oh, and don’t cheap out on the tip. We all know you’re loaded now.